" The food was good , a bit pricy and the place is super busy at lunch time . They forgot our rolls & strawberries . "
quite authentic Japanese izaka - ya . Although each dish contains small portion of food , it tastes quite good .
What more can u say , it ' s a pharmacy . Doesn ' t stay open 24 tho . . . . .
I ordered the one thing on the menu specifically designed to induce immediate diarrhea , The Ranchero . Two bites in and I could already feel the squirtles .
Service very slow . Fish Fry tasted like and oven baked fried fish commercial brand . Perrogi ' s were excellent ! ! Friday Fish Fry
I was Craving pizza and this place definitely satisfied that . 1st pizza place I ' ve had since I moved from up North . So far so good .
The best sourdough sandwiches in Las Vegas . Fresh warm sourdough bread and fresh cut meats really make this place unique .
french toast was good and the scramble was good but overall it was good but nothing to tweet about , wait staff was friendly but get here early it gets packed
Stayed here several times and enjoyed it . Would definitely go back . Nice accommodations . Access to good food . Loved their buffet and consider it one of my favorites in Vegas !
The rudest staff ever . You should really consider letting customers tips so maybe they would be nice . They don ' t care about making customers happy at all . But the food is good
Good food for a hotel restaurant . Service is a bit slow so expect to spend a while . But every single server was super nice and accommodating . Friendly , Fresh and Convenient for the resort guests !
Food was good . Not great , we will not crave it or probably go back . But it was good . The service was not very good . It hurt to leave 20 % honestly .
Very friendly staff . Fish " tacos " are good although served tostada style , open faced ? Cute and fun atmosphere
Don ' t feel like cooking ? Well , come here and problem is solved ! Cheap and edible
A traditional grocery store with average prices , however I did like how they occasionally have sales on salad dressing and snapple juices . + their salads are surprisingly fresh
Nice theater . Parking is kinda difficult on weekends . No big complaints . Bathrooms are kept clean . I come here 2 Sundays a month .
It ' s a great downtown staple . Food and drinks are consistently well done . Menus changes with enough frequency to keep it interesting . Atmosphere is nice . Doesn ' t feel like a hotel resturant .
It was 110 degrees outside . Inside the IMAX luxury loungers felt like 55 degrees . It was cold . lol
Average mall with mcdonals , fitness center chinese resturant pizza pizza . Metro Price chopper etc . Nothing fansy
The kiwi juice was over - sweetened , and it didn ' t really taste like kiwi at all .
What can I say ? I try to avoid eating here , but I am a sucker for their Caramel mocha coffee and an occasional breakfast item . I suggest you try the mocha !
The Kobe Beef Sliders were really good . The service was very slow and there weren ' t even that many people in the restaurant at 2am . We were in there for almost over an hour !
Tres grand resto ideal pour organiser une soirée en grouoe . Les assiettes de pasta ordinaire mais l ' entrée pieuvre tres bonne . Belle deco rustique .
Good Place to come once to check out the pictures on the wall . Lots of history on those walls . Just like the rest of downtown , cheap beer and cheap gambling .
过了University后的Queen ST W又是一个购物区，系Queen S后面的Richmond ST & John St交界有间IMAX电影院，Marshalls隐藏在电影院隔离，进店后的Marshalls地方挺大，还有2楼，扶手电梯上落。2楼是男装，内衣类和家品区。地下一楼是时装，鞋类，手袋和护肤美体类。没有近college的marshalls甘高人气
The foods are okay . Slow service . We went here when they were not Busy . We only ordered 3 things plus drinks and only 2 came out .
Good beer selection and great additional space when the deck is open . Typical dive and bar food . Crowded on Friday / Saturday nights .
Great , if you like Denny ' s . The pie is the star attraction , lots of selections , food . . . , average
Service was mediocre . Selection is really small during the morning hours . So many delicious pastries only available after 3pm . . disappointing . . . Lox toast on brioche over salted .
Burgers average tasting . . . did not taste like high end beef . French fries barely warm . Service prompt and friendly .
Nice variety of selections . Decent prices . Always a good portion . Ingredients could be higher quality .
Loved the beef tataki , tempura , and chicken karaage . Its a small place that looks to be family run .
Im crazy for a sonoran dog , these are pretty tasty . Nice big place with plenty of seating .
Go here for the drinks and the atmosphere and you wont be disappointed . Dont prder the fish tacos .
Great breakfast . Fast server . Coffee cup was never empty . Good place for breakfast .
The food is good but a little pricey not enough food always leave hungry there should be refill on the drinks I usually order 5 tacos not very fill maybe it should be 6 tacos more variety .
Is a family restauran nothing exaiting the place is ok but she burn my Padd see u every time and i stop eating there
Great atmosphere but I found that the coffee was cold when I ordered it . Staff looked tired and not upbeat . Maybe just the time I came I suppose . Busy spot
Service is not that good . Food is very tasty and healthy and served quick . Unique sides too . Very reasonably priced as well . Recommend this place just don ' t expect good service .
Same old gym concept . Lock you in despite if you go or not . Makes money selling accounts to collection agencies . Nothing special . Personal trainers are hired third party . Clean facility . Friendly people .
Not sure what the hype is all about . Just an average burger and fries and a bit overpriced in my opinion .
5 stars for price . 3 stars for cleanliness 1 star for layout . . . odd aisles , difficult to navigate . . . feels overwhelming . I keep going if that says anything . : )
Burgers were weak Fries were really good Wings were amazing Service was a bit slow , but not a deal breaker
This cafe is convenient , the food is decent . Hardly any vegetarian options . Employees do not seem to understand what vegetarian means .
Decent beer selection and so - so food but seems to attract a very sketchy clientele . I ' d much rather stick to the tried and true establishments on 17th Ave .
Hope this place last but the manager lady is not very nice . Customer service is super important and when the manager at even have great service you got a problem
too expensive and the portions are too small food was good though
Basic Hotel and casino . Room was clean and nice , everyone friendly . Was there for a softball tournament and they ad great rates .
Not sure what to put I ' m confused maybe It ' s because it ' s first week . Got the Cajun hopefully it taste Cajun and hickory smoke I hope it cracks
Location is cute , decor reminds me of Mexico . They had a large selection of tequila . Only had appetizers but they were delicious . Hit the spot .
nice for breakfast and informal dinners in my neighbourhood
Typical diner food . Cute setup . The atmosphere is nice . Fast . If you ' re looking for a quick , hearty meal , stop here . However , it ' s not fancy .
Love the sweet potato fries but the rocket burger was meh . My wife ' s bacon burger tasted a lot better than the one I got .
I was expecting something really amazing as Cowboy Ciao is highly touted . While the salads are quite tasty , the wagyu burger and the Korean ribs I had other times were just average especially for the price .
Food is meh , especially compared to stars like Culinary Dropout ( this may be the weak link the Fox chain ) . Plentiful outdoor seating is nice , but this meal left something to be desired .
consistant service . No bells or whistles to keep me from going out of my way to get to this location .
Giving 3 stars bc the quality of fish has gone down . Ive been coming here for over 10 yrs and you can taste the difference in the freshness .
This will fix a burger craving . Big plus , fries are fresh cut .
Really pricey for my fiance and I the bill was a little over $ 60 for the all you can eat . You only get 2 rounds of all you can eat .
Against the self checkouts , refuse to use . Less workers means less jobs , same prices . Next they will have customers stocking shelves .
Walmart tire center helped me out with a car battery . The service was fast , friendly and affordable ! Leslie was extremely helpful ! Thank you !
Not the worse experience in buying a car but not anywhere the best . Had to wait forever for finance and then even longer for delivery .
Hit or miss . . . Sometimes it ' s the best chicken you ' ve ever tasted . Sometimes the chicken is raw and they refuse to refund you . There is zero consistency or happy medium .
Decent theatre , showing its age , although they do try to keep it up . Nice for a quick trip to the movies or for avoiding crowds at the more popular theatres .
This place has the best Steak breakfast for under 5 bucks in town workers are not always nice or on point but for the price you got to love it
2 pages of menu . Over 24 pages of wine listing . Not much diversity to the food items . The food was okay . nothing amazing . Kind of disappointing .
Slightly disappointing . . . definitely a lower quality restaurant with average at best food .
Wasn ' t good wasn ' t bad flounder was kinda mushy . Stuffing was bland . Service is great hush puppies are nice and salad was great
Expectations were high and not met . I went on a weekday morning and the food seemed day - old and the servers neglected me a bit . Still worth a quick stop though .
Yep it ' s a chain , like all other chains . Food is pretty good and cheap , fries are the best , soft chicken tacos on corn tortillas yummm !
Really good eggrolls . pho sucks ! Not hot enough it came out warm and not enough flavor . I will only come back for the eggrolls .
This location has had a couple of different named Japanese restaurants . The current iteration is decent but basically average , nothing remarkable . The Chef is Japanese American , decent skills but pretty quiet .
The custard tart is good but the service is really bad . They didn ' t give a shit at all .
can i transfer my credits from Rio Salado to Mesa college , or i have to drop out , i have taken two courses plz some one answer me
This past Thanksgiving break I was thinking to myself I wish grocery stores had Black Friday discounts . Next I walk into Myers and what why find , some staple items have been discounted for the day !
The fish stew was , for lack of a better word , awful . However , the service was excellent and the onion strings fabulous .
Three stars . One star for my moms salad being descent , 2nd star , sisters meatloaf not too shabby and 3rd star , for my bacon n mash potatoes . Hash browns OLD N OILY ! !
With so many killer options in the valley for Mexican food , this place is good . It won ' t blow your mind , but its good .
Tres satisfaite du steak burger , savoureux et copieux . La decoration oldy , bcp de banquettes et service relativement rapide pour l ' heure de pointe .
Fair . Seafood section smells and the floors are usually dirty . Prices are high . they need to do a competivie price check . Ads are weak .
I have been a few times and I really just don ' t get the hype . I really like Joe ' s Farmhouse Grill though ! ! !
Food was ok . Nothing spectacular . The service was definitely 5 star . Their pastries are a must try .
The food is okay , I feel it ' s a little overpriced and service is slow ! It ' s not a memorable place !
Cute place located in Planet Hollywood . Great raspberry sorbet gelato and slushy vodka drinks .
Ok food , airport prices , pretty quick service .
This place is ok . It ' s nested in J - town but pasta wise i don ' t taste much fusion in it and service was not that great the day I went .
Grabbed the Chicken Tikka Masala . Pretty average in my estimation . Naan was probably the highlight . Odd though ; they sold pizza at the counter .
Nice place to have a drink and some desent food . Chile relleno was good , but I ' m still looking for the fish in my fish tacos though
Bagels were good & it was conveniently close to work to get the dozen bucket for the shop . The manager here was a little on the rude side though must not be a morning person ! : D
Good food , nice atmosphere . Found the price a little high . Would have liked my fries to be included in the meal . . .
We used to like coming here , but it seems like the milkshakes keep getting worse . Too much milk .
Do not forget to check your change . . . for the third time they made a mistake . . . always on their side .
I usually come here to buy video controls or accessories . They lack in having rare video games , but they have a lot of the basic Nintendo games
Good steak . Ran of wagu steak on Tuesday nite . Came medium when ordered medium rare . Decent , but 3 stars at most .
Food is pretty good , service is not that great . Staff does not greet you once you enter .
Usual chili ' s . Not much to report . Service was a touch slow . Hadn ' t been to a chili ' s in a couple years . Not much of a change in the menu .
Stayed here for 1 night only . IMO , the rooms are a - ok for the price . I wouldn ' t mind staying here again . I wish the bathroom were bigger though .
Sat at the bar for ten mins . Bunch of employees standing around didn ' t bother to take our order or bring us water . . . we left & we won ' t be coming back !
Way too spicy . . . Could cut down on the spice level . Kids loved the mini idlis . .
The atmosphere is beautiful but the food is okay after eating there several times on several occasions .
I really don ' t get the hype . Jojo ' s is way better , as is Pamela ' s .
Great atmosphere . The pretzels are a great appetizer . We always get both cheese dips that go with the pretzels . The octoberfest beer is a traditional beer and not fall tasting like you would think .
I ' ve ate here once and i thought the food was pretty good . i really liked the fact they had multiple vegetarian options and was a big fan of the lentil and corn beignets .
Decent hotel , room was clean and well lit . Bathroom was a good size . No suite shop and the fitness center was a joke with only three peices of equipement and no weights .
The boba balls were not very fresh and the tea did not have the same flavore that I ordered the mango tasted like Jasmine tea .
Nice ambience , great selection of beer ofc , but small portions , overpriced and parkings a pain . I really enjoyed their Stuffed Chicken although , I would probably not go back just for that .
I ' ve only had the Philly cheesesteaks and I honestly loved it . I just tryed four fathers and it was better but this is still good !
Buy one dozen get one for a $ 1 , everyone and some came out , line is ridiculous long , just shows you people loves a great deal and some great doughnuts
Burger was ok . But the prices were a little high for a burger . Very cool atmosphere though . Probably won ' t go back . But worth a try .
They raised their prices to $ 25 . Lots of talking in their native language . There were three of us . Mine was good . We tipped $ 10 each and not even a thank you .
Tried to get an appointment 330 or later and appointments end at 330 ? A little bummed couldn ' t get in but now I get to try a new place . !
I always enjoy Beach Pizza . The crust is good and the sauce is tangy . I like that I am able to buy pizza by the slice at a reasonable price .
南部的なフライドチキンが楽しめる全国チェーン。チキンのからあげ等が大好きな日本人にとって、思う存分に楽しめる。年齢のせいもあるが、コロモに油が比較的多く含まれているので、ランチコンボを二人で分ける位が丁度良さそう。従業員の方も親切の対応してくれる。
Typical " foodie " joint ! Good beer ( $ 8 ) but NO beans in the chili , just canned tomatoes and tender meat chunks . Friendly service , but rather pricey for common fare .
This place was okay . The service wasn ' t very good at all so I won ' t be coming back . It took more than 10 minutes to get drinks and all we ordered was water .
Good breakfast food . Does not live up to the reputation that surrounds it . . . . not to say the place is bad . Good American diner . Good staff .
Busy place that charges $ 2 for debut transaction , work is just ok . Price is ok . I wouldn ' t necessarily return as it was nothing special . They do have tons of designs though
Same thing happened again with the help in this place . Overworked and probably underpaid . Two registers but one person working taking orders and the other register is empty without a person working this area .
Much better since they moved . Waiter was one of the best I thought the desserts were a little flimsy for the price , but we had a lovely eating
Good onion bagels . Best eaten plain , but they didn ' t skimp on the cream cheese . Ok sesame bagels .
I love their tortilla chips & salsa ! Try it next time you ' re there : )
The food was amazing but my drink was never refilled and the waitress took FOREVER to give us our check .
The service is always fast and friendly . The food isn ' t amazing but it is what you expect from Gabby ' s and there are never any complaints .
Needed to come cause I love there skinny jeans rockstar and had to get another one . Perfect , across the parking lot from Trader Joes !
Tried it , liked it but didn ' t love it . It ' s a cool place but there ' s better Poke in town . Also staff was a bit green too .
Shish taouk is decent , if your looking for authentic then I don ' t think this is the place .
The prices are bounce around depending on who ' s working sometimes they tax you sometimes they don ' t , the juice is so so not always in stock
Excellente nourriture . Le service était vraiment médiocre . Les serveuses veulent trop aider et ils sont souvent 3 - 4 par table et elles viennent qu ' elle se mêle entre eux .
In town for a convention this week and my co - workers and I stopped in for dinner . Yummy ! ! !
Crappy WiFi . Good turkey sandwich . Bravo .
was just okay , I don ' t understand the hype . The place was tiny . The sesame bagel was just chewier than the ones at grocery stores and that ' s all .
Erin our server was amazing . I wish I could say the same about the lobster . It was chewy .
We were visiting from Ca it reminded us of a pizza / Italian version of an upscale Chipolte sylte dining . Not bad . Food was pretty good considering that is was a walk up counter .
Just your average sushi spot to be honest . It ' s good but there is other in the valley with better quality fish and rolls .
Had the chicken and ribs . Chicken was a little dry but overall the food was good and the service was very good .
Good lunch Chinese food , they deliver also . It is nice to get out of the office though for a hot meal . : - )
Food was good , fresh ! Kimchee is always great . The hot pot on the table is fun . The service was ok and slow
A lot of hype . Tacos are ok . Drinks are great ! Service depends , sometimes its great and sometimes its slow .
Yummy fajitas , but not so yummy Sunday night karaoke . Skip it and sit outside if you can . The entertainment is much better !
Nice ambience and good food . . Courteous staff . . Falafel is very tasty . . Prices are reasonable and a must try for Mediterranean food lovers
FYI , this place is now closed . No idea what happened . They were removing the stickers on the doors and a sign says permanently closed .
Stopped here for dinner and was disappointed that it wasn ' t authentic Thai food . Don ' t order the Pad Thai . The Papaya Salad is a winner .
The pho is good as expected except being small . nice and clean ! The spring rolls is very nice
The experience started with great promise but ultimately poor communication and unmet expectations is all I was left with . Won ' t be going back .
Ramen was just okay . I got the miso broth with won tons . Honestly the apps were more tasty . Clean and the staff were very nice .
Espectáculo entretenido , las chicas bailan muy bien , pero se ve que los guionistas se fumaron algo cuando idearon el guión . Mickey es el mas divertido de los actores .
It was ok . Basically expensive diner food . We went our first morning in Montreal . Once was enough . It wasn ' t bad , but I ' m not dying to try it again .
One of my favorite stops in Old Town Scottsdale , an old fashion ice cream shop with great milk shakes !
Coffee was strong which I like . No english menu . I shared a panini with my sister and the waitress served it pre cut on two separate plates with a nice salad and dressing .
Agradable servicio . . un poco de sabor a los tacos y salsas sería lo ideal . . Pleasant service . . a little taste of the tacos and sauces would be ideal . .
Tried the garlic bread and the Alfredo pizza with pepperoni on it . Really good ! Service was nice and the food came fast to our table . : )
To go service was friendly and relatively quick . Pizza is overly greasy and overloaded with toppings . Not a bad slice but nothing memorable either .
This restaurant is great if you love warm salads , cold pasta , someone else ' s lipstick on your cup , spending too much money , rude waitstaff , and an overall mediocre experience ! ! ! !
The rooms are nice , but the hotel has nothing in it besides the rooms . It is attached to the palms , but the palms is a dump that needs a serious facelift .
The food is good , and I love their desserts ! But they always get my order wrong . I end up having to turn around and go back to get it corrected . Super inconvenient !
Prices way to high for these burgers . Tasted the same as steak & shake . Not memorable to continue going to .
Cute old fashioned ice cream parlor . seemed to have a lot of regulars . we were just there to get a banana split which was very good enjoyed the family circus cartoons
ok , several veggie options , sauces seem to be premade / jarred rather than fresh . check the " specials " board for items not on the menu , though they never change .
ここもレストランではなく、先にカウンターで注文するファストフード店です。 フォーなどが食べられるので、重たい食事に飽きたら良いと思います。 他もそうですが、フォーを頼むともやしや香草を生のまま別に持ってきて「入れたいならどうぞ」とやられるんですが、日本的にはちゃんと湯がいて持ってきてほしいところです。 スープがちょっと塩気が強いので、あまり胃は休まらないかもしれません。 店は清潔で良いので、味付けをもうちょい頑張ってほしいけど、こちらに合わせるとアメリカの感覚には合わないのかもしれませんね。
Slow ! Breakfast on a Saturday was very slow . Drive through line was huge . Nice clean BK
Soooo cheap y ' all ! ! But hot plates come out only after everything in previous eaten . Where ' s the lo
Busy place , busy atmosphere . Food was good but certainly not the main attraction . Nice bar selection and friendly staff . Nice mix of different things to do . . . Good venue for parties
Have eaten here many times . The food quality and service was always good . Too bad the place is now closed .
Was looking forward to brunch at Bouchon , but was disappointed this time because all of the bread was slightly stale . BOOO !
Went to this Corner Bakery today . My salad was okay but the sandwich was really dry and not very appetizing . Service was a little slow .
Lots of good beers on tap ; good food menu . Try the bread pudding , it ' s delicious ! I hate the atmosphere here , though .
Great little joint ! Really good options for different styled of tacos and even some veggie options .
I would give this place a 5 star but the last two times we have gone there ' s been bones in the chicken Marsala and the rice has been on the dryer side .
Love the sauces . The sweet is really sweet . And the Lamb beef is killer - tastes like real steak and lamb .
Had some rolls , a beef app , a salad and some sushi . I wasn ' t impressed . The $ 1 beer special would be my only incentive to return .
OK food , fair service . Empty at lunchtime is a red flag .
I ' ve ate at this location plenty of times and its never let me down . Quick healthy fresh ingredients wrapped up in a burrito . $ 2 taco Tuesday ' s is a must .
A great place to eat if your looking for fresh & cheap ! ! Love the fries mushrooms ! Staff were great & nice
Not the cleanest pizza hut but my food was hot and on time .
It was good the wait wasn ' t very long . Staff is friendly , nothing exceptional . The only thing was my Benny was so soggy : / Other than that it was ok .
Good location across from Ryerson . Open 24 hours , not all of them do , surprisingly back home . Got my Dasani water .
I ' m obsessed with my nails for sure . . but the person doing my nails was really rough and actually cut my skin pretty deep . . not a huge fan of that .
The food is amazing ! I would have to give it 5 stars when it comes to that aspect , but some of the staff had bad attitudes .
Ambiance d ' etudiant , décoration hippie , plusieurs tables , la porte derriere le comptoir donne acces à une autre section avec plus de tables . La limonade maison est apprecié : )
I ' m not sure what to make of this place . I ' m so confused . Confounded . Check it out you will not be disappointed .
Meh . Sauce is over peppered and over spiced . Crust is good . Cheese is mediocre and toppings are skimpy . Overall overpriced and felt like I was paying for the name
Nice little casino , went here for raiding the rock vault
Great drink prices and nice staff in the bar , but sooooo smoky that I could only stay for one drink .
Stayed here with our youth sports team , you basically get what you pay for , but good price for a large group , friendly staff and met all of our requests .
The service and atmosphere were great . The food was mediocre . The fried chicken sandwich was pretty flavorless . However the shrimp and grits was delicious ! ! That was the best thing we tried there .
The food was good . Service was a little slow when we were ready for the check . Not bad overall . We were visiting from out of town and basically went where the Yelpers said go lol
I agree with some of the other posters lately it seems like they are giving me a lot more fries and a lot less chicken . Anyway the food is always good .
I have to say , very decent fast food burger . The sliders aren ' t quite as good as the full size burger , though .
October is the BEST time at Whiskey Island . No bugs ! They still are carrying Red Stripe ' s BIG STUBBIES ! Yeah !
Wide selection , mediocre quality food . What saved brunch was the made to order omelette station .
This place is a decent Italian Deli . I had the typical Italian meat sub . It wasn ' t anything special . The place is clean and the staff is friendly . The service is quick .
The staff is great , but every time we walk into our room , it smells like cigarettes ! I ' m not a smoker and the smell is really bad .
Great location downtown that is close to shopping and offices . If you want a quick lunch Basha has great fresh food at responsible prices .
Meh . The food is too salty , but the tortillas and the juices are good . Less salt , more flavor please .
Average and customer service could use some help . Owner should stay in back and put some smiling faces up front .
Cupcakes are delicious - customer service was terrible . The cashier was rude and burdened for any questions .
Great food but TOO MUCH YELLING . Very noisy ! Warning to migraine sufferers or anyone prone to seizures : the flashing of the wall mounted pachinko machines may be triggers for you . Delightful service .
it ' s okay ; prices are meh but that ' s what you get with state controlled liquor !
My girlfriend got the taconuts and man where they awesome !
The food is good , but the service is average ( not really friendly ) and they only take " Cash Only " . It ' s only worth it as it opens 24 hours . . .
Ok food . Minimal interaction with staff . Clean environment . I would prefer panera or subway but I had to try it . $ 11 for soup salad and tea .
Went for happy hour on a Friday night . The place is extremely loud . Happy hour selection is good . The pizza was good . Overall the place was just ok .
Food is pretty good . Had the fish & chips for lunch - 5 stars . Had eggs over easy , hash browns , chicken sausage and sour dough toast for breakfast - 3 stars . Decent breakfast .
Saturday night & so excited to take my niece here . . . pull up and it is " CLOSED . Sorry for the inconvenience . " No reason . Total bummer !
A nice park bit needs more trails on the other side . . . . . . especially near Burtnamthorpe rd bridge .
The food here is one of our favorite places to grab Mexican . . . except when it ' s busy . Don ' t come between 530 and 7 pm .
This is just an average buffet place . Chinese food , omelet bar , drinks are somethings I liked but everything else is just mediocre .
Love the tvs at almost every table . Wasn ' t impressed with there food . The Ruben was alittle dry but all and all not a terrible place .
This place has improved since my first review . The dosas are real good and food tastes better .
Not my favorite place . The food was good , but overpriced . The margaritas were good , but overpriced . The service was nothing to rave about .
This restaurant foods are for foreigner taste , not an authentic Chinese food ! Waiter only serving food , didn ' t feel welcome at all ! Expensive for food court meals !
Not a fan on the bar food . The oyster did not look good . The steakrolls were soaked in way to much sweet stuff . The place smelled like a cigar lounge .
This place is ok . Nothing was bad , nothing wowed me . All tasted like stuff I ' d make at home .
Had the twice grilled burrito , it was amazing . Not bad for fast food
Overall good experience . The soup dumplings and Gyoza are very good , but soup noodles and cucumber are big disappointments .
Nice icecreams with a huge amount of alternatives . Nice place to grab an icecream when in the mall . Had the donought - one . Overall good place
went for lunch buffet . sign on door says closed for repairs . anyone know whats going on ?
The food and service is good . The temperature in the place was 68° . I saw other people going back out getting jackets . One woman came back with a bla nket
We eat lunch often in the area and seem to always have a problem with having the food correct for what we ordered Dave
Food is ok , the prices r too high , used to go every year but this year we found a better place right down the street , Blackbear Diner
Airport could use an update . Had a musty smell but staff were friendly enough . It was easy to get through the airport . Parking was easy and not too expensive .
Nice enough dry cleaner . Took a jacket here and was quoted $ 12 but when I picked it up , it was only $ 7 . Win ? Perhaps !
I went on the 2nd day and despite a few bumps to get orders in , the salad and staff are great .
This place used to have the most amazing " everything " bagels . They ' ve changed the " everything " and now the bagel tastes like a generic store bought bagel .
Oh target , the store is clean and friendly staff but can be hard to find them in the time of need , usually they all hang out upfront .
The spring rolls , mixed vegetables Fried rice , egg drop soup , panfried dumplins were great . we would come again . Service was good
Me and a friend went for drinks and unexpectedly it was late night happy hour . From 10 - close I believe . The service and the appetizers were mediocre . The martinis are where it ' s at
Place is hippie , almost too much so . The dining room and bathroom need cleaning . Otherwise the juices are tasty and made fresh , there is also amazing art on the walls .
Cleaning crew working hard - great but when same crew doesn ' t put on gloves and is handling my food that ' s not ok .
Sandwiches were pretty good and the chicken was great but the pizza dough was horrible . To soggy . Definitely not New York style pizza .
Its your standard burger shake place that is a little noisy Not impressed , but kids liked it .
This place is well decorated and the staff there are so nice and helpful . Foodwise , it is okay . Its definitely an American sushi place and for what it is it does it well .
Eh had way bigger expectations for this place . Great martinis and service . That ' s about all .
The only thing I liked about this place was the servers . Food was below average and the prices were above average . I have not rushed back here .
The food was good but a bit overpriced . The drinks are fine . The ambiance is hip and casual for vegas .
Well we did like them . They disappeared and are now closed . With no warning . Would love to know what happened .
If you are interested in Wicked Bakery . . . Luci ' s Marketplace has baked goods by them FYI . . .
My favorite was cotton candy & the soup selection : wonton , pho , and shrimp soups . Other than this , everything else was average .
Great customer service , everyone was very nice but my gel manicure didn ' t stay as long as they normally do . I will stick to my normal place .
We stopped in during peak hours , so the service was sub par , but the food was delicious as always . We must have just been there at the wrong time . I am definitely a fan .
You can find everything u need . Its is good to have it in this erea because the other staples stores are far away form people who are living in lisgar .
decent room ( out dated for sure ) I didn ' t get the push for up - grade like everyone else had mentioned . I will consider to stay here again on sat . for under $ 50
Les tacos sont immangeables pour le reste c ' est bon . la déco est sympa , la musique du moment aussi et le personnel sympatique . Alors je le recommande mais pas les tacos
Good value . Mighty fine old school ice - cream
Small locally owned ice cream place . Overall the ice cream is good . But the prices are very high and the serving sizes are average .
While the food is good here , the entire place needs to be remodeled . Tables and chairs are old and not stable . Needs an update .
Was rushed experience , steaks were fine , but classic overpriced middle of the road fair
Great food masala could have a little more Flavor but it ' s about 7 of 10 so not to bad
Nice place for a burger and a drink . Fun atmosphere , for either a fun date or to take the whole family . Excellent lemonade .
This was good when it was open . Had several different options for sushi , soup , etc . At decent prices . This location has closed .
Ok if you need some cash fast . But if you have time you can get way better deals on craigslist or shops that specialize in what your selling or buying .
Everyone ' s food , I had fish and chips , was cold and soggy . But the service was really good and they have great happy hour deals .
This is a cool little grocery store and wine bar . Nice place to pick up some goodies , have a glass of wine and chill . The help is very friendly . Very eco / healthly .
Don ' t know what the big deal here is . No way this place is 4 1 / 2 stars . the southern chicken was ok , same with the steamed clams . everything was OK .
Strong cocktails . Expensive cocktails . Nice atmosphere but not hoping on a Saturday night . Gotta check out the secret bar downstairs though .
The workers are friendly and the food is good ( for fast food pizza ) . But plan on waiting over an hour for delivery and over 35 minutes for pickup .
A good place in the neighbourhood for some quick lunch of the all - time classic . Pass the malt vinegar .
I ate here again last week ( comped ) and was actually very happy . Good salad , sushi was actually fresh and many of the bbq items quite good .
Service is eh . They ' re usually more occupied with having fun and talking to each other than greeting the guests and helping them . I still prefer Dunkin ' s coffee over Starbucks .
Creative , great - tasting dishes and good cocktails . Service leaves room for improvement . Server was disinterested and would disappear for long stretches .
Great neighborhood spot to catch a game with friends . Classic food , peanut shell on the floor , good beer .
Slow service and small portions . Food is good but not worth the wait .
First time in today . Was average food quality not bad . Service was great . I will try them again in future . I do not have any negative to say about this place
Good place but a little expensive . . . . . otherwise its worth 4 stars . Kids love it especially in summer .
Pretty good bbt place for the area
No free drinks and then it was $ 15 to park . Didn ' t feel fun , more like they were trying to get every nickel out of me .
Nice little bar . Management doesn ' t seem to be very professional . Don ' t book a private party with them .
the atmosphere , homemade vegetables , and drink specials sealed the deal for me . the cornbread not so much , could use some more salt and flavor .
Honestly , this place is okay but i do like that it is quick and fast . If your trying to eat some noodles and want something really quick then this is the place for you
Like
Average food , really noisy and too expensive , didn ' t like it at all . Pros : quick service and friendly waitress , good location .
Casino was ok , older machines mixed in with a few newbs . I lost my butt off , but I should have stopped sooner . Thanks for the Drinks South Point .
Not bad for the price . I had the sizzling chicken with rice . Decent sized portion and was fresh .
Tried out their walnut red bean cakes , I like it . I will say 4 stars . Others products are 3 stars . Still recommend to try if you never have a walnut cake like me .
This place is like a mini TJ . The food is authentic and the little shops remind me of Mexico . I do enjoy walking around here every weekend with my wife .
Sat at the bar and watched a football game . Wife liked the margaritas and friendly wait staff .
Waited 40 minutes for a table , and I had a reservation . Unacceptable . Our waitress Mary Beth was excellent . Food was good .
Great and friendly customer service and the yelp deal was a life saver ! Def . will be coming here again if I ever have troubles w / my phone . : - )
Not that great , food is OK , service is too . Lots of HD televisions , it ' s a bar , don ' t expect much more
The chicken is really nice but never never try the waffles , those are really really bad
Classy place - we went for a work function and enjoyed a nice , long dinner where we could chat and take our time . It is expensive , but nice .
Greesy food , but good for the day after hangover . This joint is gone though .
It is true that the place need renovation but you can have a descent brunch there . It is a family owned bussiness and I always enjoy supporting these kind of bussinesses .
Staff was polite . But man they were sloooooooow . The food wasn ' t bad but def not worth the price .
J ' ignore si les Maxi ont changé ou si celui - ci est plus petit . Beaucoup moins gros que ceux que je fréquentais en banlieue . Peu de choix côté boulangerie , côté soins personnels .
I am a fan of their milkshakes and their cheeseburgers are very good . If you are looking for a good place to have a quick lunch I would try going here .
Great price and very nice for a quick bite ! Chips , salsa , quesadillas , and burritos are delicious . Small atmosphere but clean .
We stopped at Famous Ray ' s to split an Italian sausage sandwich before we headed home . Not the best I ' ve had , but still worth stopping for .
The food was actually a little bland . Had fried rice that was pretty mushy . Wait staff ignored us a little bit , but they were pretty busy .
Okay , their beers were good ! I had beer cheese burger and it was delicious , my boyfriend had the meatloaf melt and it was almost inedible . Service was good !
Good , creative sandwiches but overpriced for what it is . . . Most sit down restaurants cost about the same and you dont get any sides or extras included ( chips or fries ) .
Nice atmosphere . . . . nice wait staff . Not sure how comfortable this place would be in the middle of summer . I would go back but I have had better Italian
One word . . . Underwhelmed ! Ordered one of the most popular dishes on the menu : chicken pot pie and it was meh !
The food was okay . The prices were relatively high for the quality and quantity of the food . You pay for the atmosphere .
The food was good . The staff was friendly and prices reasonable . It appeared that they prepared shrimp alongside other meats on the grill , which does concern me . I ' ll definitely be back .
Got their banana based fro yo it was okay . There ' s not much taste to it . Don ' t think I ' ll come back sorry .
Pros : Good sushi , average sized portions for what you pay but not small . Cons : Poor service ( timing , friendliness , overall ) . Verdict : Would recommend .
The Polo Pasta was very good , the lasagna was lacking something .
While in town for business we tried Kings . The salmon was incredible ! By far the best I have had in some time .
These guys offer a good donair . Not the greatest in the world , but good for Calgary suburbia . The restaurant is clean and has a small amount of seating .
The smoothies are great but there was only one person working and it took awhile to get our drinks . The donuts are amazing . If the service was faster , the rating would be higher .
We like the Spartanburg , SC location . Good food and pleasant , but inexperienced staff .
First time trying pulled noodle . It was nice and chewy . The food was ok nothing spectacular . I do love their green onion pancake . Definitely try the Beijing pulled noodles .
Solid diner food . Burger and chicken sandwich very good . Deep fried pickles delicious . The regular potato fries and sweet potato fries were average . Diner atmosphere ! Worthy of a visit !
Delicious food . Prices aren ' t great but they are do able .
Bubble was busted when I ordered a " blended " strawberry margarita only to be told they only serve drinks on the rocks ! Good food and decent service .
Helen was so sweet and nice to work with ! The food was a bit pricey for the amount we had but the boat was beautiful and everyone had a nice time .
Was looking forward to this because the HK branch was absolutely delicious but we were underwhelmed
Place is ok . Been to one Sport Clips you been to them all . Not great and certainly not sub standard .
Fairly good dimsum . Nothing amazing but they met expectations . I do like that they have a wide variety of things , some of which I have never heard of .
Yes their probably going to still talk sh * t about you infront of you in their native tongue , but my toes and eye brows are GORGEOUS !
Great place to go and grab a beer , especially when you can sit outside ! nice selection of food to choose from but is still sub par bar food .
Food is pretty good , service can be hit or miss . Some of the wait staff is wonderful and some are not good . Prices are low so you get what you pay for .
I went here for lunch . The food and service were good but nothing to brag about . I am interested in checking out the brunch and they have good happy hour specials that interest me .
Why is the broth so sweet and the meat tough ? This is nooot the traditional Pho . : ( I was let down .
server was nice , grilled salmon ( slightly overcooked ) shrimp was good . Baked sweet potato was too mushy / almost watery . very plain iceberg salad , got me sick to my tummy .
If you want a good schwarma this is the place to go . Price wise not bad . The only downside is that consistency varies especially with portion sizes . Friendly people . Overall a solid 3 stars .
Menu is unique . Service can be a little slow because they are usually packed but if you have time to have a leisurely brunch , check it out !
I ' ve been here twice over the past year , and each time the restaurant is clean and the staff is prompt and friendly . Taco Bell well is Taco Bell .
The Food is good not too greasy at all , great takeout place . The service is meh , there isn ' t much room so sit and eat and but good place overall .
Was ok . Nothing to brag about just a place to eat when you are hungry . . . won ' t recommend at any rate .
The service is friendly and fast . The sandwich was yummy , but it didn ' t live up to its name . Not sure I ' ll have a craving to come back .
The food is great but the servers aren ' t . The place isn ' t even full but every time i come here i can ' t get a refill ever !
Food is good but they tend to mess up the order . So make sure , you double check your order or you will end up with a $ 17 bill for lunch .
The amazing shrinking SHRIMP ( chilie shrimp ) and the NEW so call wow roll . . . . , trickery same # ^ * + ish different plate
Went on a Tuesday . Good little local joint . Decent food and good beer selection . 7 dollar draft beer flights . Cleanliness is slightly lacking . Floors were sticky .
We went to Bar Ganadara for a couple of drinks and Bingsu . The ambiance and decoration was very nice . The service was horrible . Bingsu was ordinary .
it ' s typical oliver and bonacini . . . competent , consistent , nothing to write home about .
I only go for the Greens and Potato Salad . Burnt Ends Sandwich is pretty good . Oh and they have Lemon Shakeups . Only have seen those at fairs .
Only came out here for sports games and maybe some shopping and that ' s it . Nothing too fancy about the area .
Locos taco is amazing .
LOVE the plantains . . . yes , plantains . . . I order the fish tacos all the time when I go for lunch just to get them . . . Must have .
Great fresh sushi , but they recently moved and got rid of the upstairs floor . With half the seats now the wait times are quite a bit longer .
As with many folks , we found the food good . It is the service that is slow . I had the wild mushroom shepherd ' s pie . Very hearty meal with a great flavor .
As good as the rest of Vapianos . Good place for have fast food but with more quality than the typical place .
Good food but high - priced for entrées . Pizza is also good but pricey . Nice ambience .
Went to the one in Boulder City . Nothing great and nothing awful . If you need a quick bite or are in the neighborhood and don ' t want anything specific check it out
Went for dinner . Charged $ 38 with tip automatically added . Liked charred sushi . Not all the orders came in .
Decent food ! So close to the house , and the specials are reasonably priced ! Sandwiches are better then expected , service is nice and relatively quick
Pretty good food but a little pricey . I had the French toast which was about $ 9 . I may give it another try when I feel like the splurge .
Almost forget what I had but their food are fresh and tasty , restaurant wise . . . I guess you cannot say much about it when you were hungry and getting late at the evening .
This place was OK . A bit overpriced if you ask me . The mac and cheese there was nothing to rave about , just ok .
It was good . . . but thats about it . . . wasn ' t great or outstanding . . . Didn ' t wow me . . for the prices I want Wow : )
Food was good , service was good , except for my toast , it came out burnt , and was the heel of the loaf .
Meat patties were tasty , puff pastries were not bad , mithai was okay but expensive for what it was .
The portion is not standard Pho portion . Yet pretty decent food taste ! Not that good value for money . . .
Great deck and location . But one waitress for at least 15 tables = awfully slow service .
This is my least favorite location . Food is always good . Service at this location is meh they could do much better .
Ok bar . I guess it was better than the other places I visited . Nothing special , but the drinks were pretty cheap .
Food is enjoyable and portions are big . Tried there Jamaican chicken wings and jerk shrimp . Both were average .
Got the sampler plate ( beef mantu , hummus , and eggplant ) and the butternut squash borani with naan and kabuli rice . My favorite was the eggplant and naan ! Service was very friendly .
Good service , did not take long for food to come out nice and hot . Overall the food was average a little on the bland side could ' ve used more flavors .
Appears like a work in progress . . clean interior . Latte was average . Music too loud , barista couldn ' t be heard over it . Will return , not many juice options nearby .
Only go in here to shop at Las Vegas Jerky use to be called The Jerky Hut . The old shop sold a bunch of dried fruits , nuts , candies ,
Cute , sweet , simple . Some creative homemade snacks . Understaffed and long wait for a New Yorker . Solid whole foods made with care .
They closed all the time ! Which sucks because they the only local bakery that cooks vegan and so good
Romantic setting , great service , good food , really , really , really small portions .
This is first restaurant I stopped in Las Vegas because the review was 4 . 5 and all staff were very friendly , but the foods are not good as much as I thought . . .
Good wholesome stuff but not a wide selection . Too much cinnamon on the French toast for our tastes . Get in before 10 on Saturday mornings .
Good Sushi place , actually one of my favorite places to eat sushi because it ' s convenient located off I17 and Northern close to home . The service is always good and the food always fresh .
The good : Good portions , great variety , not overpriced . The bad : Understaffed for lunches , yelling cook staff , old disgusting sriracha bottles must be replaced now !
I went here in the middle of the night at like 4 am . PROS : - open 24 hours - alcohol cheaper than at the bar nearby - Good Banana Split CONS : - slow service - expensive
Not bad . Portions sucks considering we paid $ 8 . 49 after tax for a tiny container of mango sago .
I have been to Sushi Ave a few times and it ' s okay ! It ' s not amazing sushi or anything special , but it is close by and convenient !
This place was recommended by a woman at the car dealership . It was OK . The staff was very friendly and helpful . I would go back if I ' m in the area again .
Great little sushi joint . Sort of run of the mill really for Toronto - Korean owned it appears so you know you ' re getting value , but not necessarily the best .
Picked the chicken kabob it said zoes favorite it was . good not great nothing really specail about this place but good . for a . lunch
Great burgers and delicious fries but Online orders seem to take precedence . The staff seemed overwhelmed but it was Valentine ' s Day so maybe that ' s why ! !
Food was pretty decent but the guacamole was the highlight but I ' m not sure if that ' s a good thing - that the guacamole appetizer sampler overshadows the main course . Pretty pricey too .
Used to do a work meeting here every month . Fair , but not friendly . Good , but not great . Everything was ' ok ' .
ok . fish burrito was decent , but definitey get the crab and shrimp dip
Very good , dining in is ok but I think take out is more popular . Good food and they also deliver . I definitely recommend giving it a try .
The meal I had was pretty good but it definitely wasn ' t mind blowing . I had the Pacific Swordfish cook perfectly but the taste wasn ' t making my tastebuds swoon .
Located in an open area within a small mall . Went to dim sum and it was just average .
This place is right near my work and is just like the other Thai Express restaurants . Nothing really fancy in terms of taste if you have had real Thai food .
Had a good time Gambling here and drinks were nice n stiff .
Just average nothing to write home about . Very expensive average food . Onion rings ok . I had a steak just average .
Good authentic Italian / NY style sandwich . Owner and wife are not the friendliest people .
It ' s okay . Nobody seems especially happy to be there . The food is okay and the atmosphere is busy . I liked the oysters .
I usually love the waffle fries . Tonight they were soggy and tasted like pure oil . . : ( At least the drink was good .
Sheets don ' t stay on the bed . Room is nice there os a Fridge in the room and a smart TV that had Netflix . Bathroom is nice and was clean
Very good price and decent sushi , , If your looking for affordable sushi in Parkdale this is it . Really nice restaurant , which is surprising seeing the area it is in is not all that fancy .
staff is super friendly . it is an ok cafe to grab lunch given the choices available on east mall and burnhamthorpe . They tend to serve the same type of food over and over again .
Japanese run Ramen place , very busy , small dinning area , pretty good environment , ramen pork bone broth is very rich , sorry , just a bit too rich for me , LOL , quite authentic .
The service is nice . Food is average . A bit surprised with the amazing reviews . We ordered all 3 recommended meats but only 1 out of 3 were tender .
The construction there had us going in the wrong direction but overall was a decent airport . Friendly staff and no big issues . I like some of the art that they have that represent Cleveland .
The drinks are great and the service is fabulous . I give it three stars just because the food was " okay . "
Tried to stop by here today and found it empty , for lease , out of business . That ' s a shame .
Was here because I got a gift certificate from work . Food was okay . . . atmosphere was okay . . . but I really liked their plates ! Haha . . .
Old and still somewhat classy vibes but not many good shops and food options , etc . Good proximity to other stuff though ( Paris ! ) Lol
I ordered red curry and the appetizer combo platter . The food was just okay . Not bad , not great . Delivery was prompt .
Beautifully decorated Chinese seafood resturant . Service is probably considered very good for a Chinese resturant , but the food is just average . Plating is nice but the flavours lack excitement .
I love pride . But I am not huge on all the nude people . This is one reason I will not bring kids down with me .
Swell place for a cheap , hearty breakfast . Huge upgrade over the crappy Denny ' s that used to rent the space .
Nothing too memorable about this dining experience . Pretty mediocre I ' m being generous with the stars .
I had the sesame noodles with chicken it was good , but it had a peanut flavor in it which I didn ' t care for . They make all the noodles on site so there really fresh .
My first time here . We ordered the lobster pho . The lobster really big but I felt nothing special . The papaya salad was okay . May not come back .
You go to this location for bike gear - they ' re not greatly stocked on outdoor gear . King location is better for that .
Fancy place . Perfect for a nice date or a birthday dinner . Never packed , but still in a great area . Close to old town .
Love the location and the restaurant is beautiful . Unfortunately the price point will limit how often we return .
Not great not horrible . It ' s Apple but I have to return yet again for issues . Oh well
Good breakfast . Good service . Good location . Needs more parking and one of the chefs doesn ' t known the difference between sunny side up and scrambled . . .
Good job on the atmosphere and the mixed drinks , good pico and great customer assistance with information and finding things , like the mysterious restroom lol up the stairs . What a maze the Edgewater !
Not a bad store , staff on the floor are helpful , they direct u in the right direction
The food was delicious ! ! ! The service was not too good . I had to continually look for our waitress , even just to get a refill of water .
I love seeing more places trying to provide healthy food , but this place is a miss , unfortunately . Everyone in the restaurant biz needs to go to Flower Child before they open their doors !
Jackalopes is in a great location & nice patio . It ' s better as a bar than restaurant . Food can be a bit disappointing .
This place has the best draft beer selection by far in Mt . Lebanon and the menu is decent for bar food . Too bad the bartenders are slow and the wait staff are too few .
Service - poor they tried twice to bring the food we actually ordered before we gave up and ate what we got . . . Burgers were average , salad dry . . . Applebee ' s was great
We stopped he to eat prior to going to a show . This is a normal franchise burger place . The food is good and is made quickly .
The lotus leaf sticky rice I ordered was not fully cooked . Cold inside . Several dim sum were not provided during that day ' s dinner time .
Great place to meet singles 50 and up . Their menu bores me as it never changes and is limited . I do love their crab cakes .
Food is great I would rate it a 5 but the girls in the cash register are really rude . Customer service no good but other than that the food is good
Good food overall , nothing to write to mom about but maybe I need to give it a 2nd try one day down the road . Friendly staff .
I used to eat here 2 - 3 times a week . The food and service are good , but I stopped going there after they raised their prices .
OK food . The soft tacos were sad . Tortillas over cooked , when I said something about it they acted shocked .
We were just hopping casinos , this one seemed pretty busy , but we were just walking around .
I had the small one with Kiwi flavor since that one doesnt have a lot left ( Assuming that is the customer favorite one ) .
Finally went and nothing special . The music was ok and live band was nice but had them turned up too loud to hear the lyrics
Good location in Scottsdale but very average on food . We had several side dishes including Mac and cheese . The meats were cooked too long and were dry
Sometimes the employees are super helpful and friendly and sometimes they are dull and unexcited ! They stock quite a bit of supplies and the store is clean .
Nice prices and a clear niche . Just go here and get a nice big icecream . But to be picky I have had better ice cream hence only a 3
Just your average Mexican spot . Nothing special . I come here for their Wednesday chicken taco specials ( . 99 cents ) . Other than that , you get what you pay for .
Not a bad airport , OK - We didint face any issues . .
Mario ' s is better on weeknights . It gets waaaaay too packed on the weekends . Monday nights they have live music . It usually sucks !
What ' s there to say . It ' s Denny ' s . The foods not awful , but not great either . It works in a pinch after a night of bar hopping .
Sign up with your email & they ' ll email you when they have sweet deals . . . I ' m giving this place 3 stars due to the lack of customer service .
Just bring a sweater because it ' s freezing inside . I went in from one extreme temperature to another and now I have a cold .
Can ' t beat the half price milkshakes and slushies after 8 pm during the summer months . Great hours , staff and service . I haven ' t had a complaint yet !
Sticky floor in theater , seats not as comfortable as Arrowhead or Deer Valley , drink machine leaky .
Delicious satay chicken and good green tea ice cream . Reasonably priced and fast lunch , calm and cozy atmosphere .
Love their terrace . Ambience is good . I go there for happy hours , never been yet for a full meal . Nice choices for wine ( glass ) and the service is always very friendly
Went with a group of friends Saturday for lunch . We had like 18 things , so I ' m not going to list them . We all quite enjoyed the experience .
Great burger , service was just OK
Gilleys is no longer open for business , , closed with the demolition of the new frontier casino
A 3 . 5 star , the ice cream portions are nice and big . The juices are great . The snow - cones are too sweet .
So so . Smelly rooms . Everything costs double such as a bottle of pop . Other friends here had truly bad rooms .
The girls were so nice and fun ! The spa was so clean and the service was great however I wouldn ' t suggest hosting a big even there as the spa is small .
Good place but not recommended for people who don ' t eat pork . There are dishes that looks good but pork inside . So if you like pork then I recommend this place .
It was OK but I don ' t think we will go back . The service was good but the food was just ok . It ' s not good that we have had Greek Wrap in Peoria .
Turn the dam sound down . Can ' t possibly have a conversation between inning with the constant commercials
Pei Wei is an easy option when you are looking for freshly prepared Chinese food quicky . They have a great selection of flavors and choices .
Meh , it was ok . The ambiance is nice and service is good but the food is mediocre . For the price , there are better places to go around the area .
5 stars for the noodles ( for both Dry & soup ) - 2 for the other dishes ( taste worse than panada ) = 3 stars . . . I will come back for the noodles
Food is good and consistent . Great happy hour prices . Servers had trouble with our 10 top and paid more attention to the smaller parties .
We stayed at the Platinum Hotel and tried Kilawat and was pleased with the food . The Eggs Benedict was really good , service was great and the restaurant was clean . A little expensive but good overall .
Rice was greasy . Overall food is good but fell flat in quantity . Serving size should be worked on .
Interesting food and appetizers . Good atmosphere and service . Excellent cocktails including the Museum Zombie which I had . Lobster roll was quite good .
Tasty okonomiyaki fries ! Great for after work " happy hour " with some cold , refreshing beer . It starts to get crowded by 6 : 30 pm , so it ' s best to go earlier .
A nice older area . They are redoing it in the next year . People are super nice .
Their nursing and medical section is quite small , other than that i love coming here . Great place to relax and brosw through lots of books and toys
Had dinner tonight with friends . Our server , Dee , was absolutely amazing . Friendly , professional , polite , and funny . Made the meal very pleasant .
It was good but not the greatest Vietnamese restaurant I ' ve been to . But they were busy so lots of other people seem to like it .
Noticed this new spot ! Nice station with all the bells and whistles ! Gas prices are cheap as expected . Easy to get in and out of !
Ok , I came back here last year for some wine festival and was happy to see that half of the parking lot is blocked off for events . So that ' s cool . : )
Standard chain in market square . Packed during lunch . For me the menu is weak . But they have been running short promos of new temporary items and they have been ok .
Jim does a good job and haircut was only 30 bucks !
Nice time great food was a little disappointed with my burger . They tired to make up for it . I ' ll try it again one day .
Good meal but nothing over the top . Inside looks cheap and outdated . Definitely not fine dining .
The food was just about average . The quantities were sufficient . But I didn ' t find anything to rave about .
the sushi is not worth it . it just tastes old and crusty . the americanized chinese version of sweet and sour and kung pao are worth trying here !
The food was ok . George was very entertaining ! The calamari was good and since I didn ' t have it anywhere else it does live up to George ' s best in the city .
The quality could be better . I ordered a hot dog with cheddar and bacon , hot pastrami w / Swiss , steak fries and a giant chocolate chip cookie . It was ok . . .
Jerk sandwich was very tasty , but there wasn ' t much chicken . A little dry too . I ' d still go back though ! Maybe it was on off day .
Old venue , but decent . The sound was okay for the concert I saw . The vendors and staff were friendly and helpful . Beer selection could have been better .
First timer somewhat impressed fairly long drive though . Will possibly give them another go .
Great place to stop for a drink or for outdoor eating on the strip ! Food is average , nothing special but not bad at all . Service was fast and friendly .
It ' s an airport that does it ' s job . I wish the rental area is closer to the airport . But I guess that ' s how it is for most airports .
Cutest decor and sweetest creamery ! Tried their soft serve swirl of dark chocolate and vanilla - tasty but slightly pricy . The mango sorbet was refreshing choice too .
Perfect spot for taking bigger groups and want easy menu for everyone to have options - solid little spot .
Donuts are solid . Good price , they also give a handful of complimentary donut holes with each order . Honestly nothing special though . Nothing you cant find at Dunkin , KK or Harris Teeter .
Generous servings , nicely flavored and reasonably priced lunch . I would happily return to try another dish .
Good , unique small dine in with simple flavors .
Nice service . Nice view . Decent food . Fun with large groups . Have not been there in a yr .
the prices went up after reopened . disappointed on the ayce menu coz each customer can have two slice of ribs . sucks ! ! !
Ordered house pad thai - ingredients were fresh , food was hot , but there wasn ' t really any flavor . Husband ordered chicken fried rice & felt the same .
nice atmosphere . decent food . good service . If im ever in the area , id drop by again .
good music , but lately too many people . And constantly being shoved or stepped on because of the overcrowding . Drinks are pretty good . Maybe some better AC .
Food was good . VERY small entrees The appetizers were very good fried calamari light . The dips excellent , spinach triangles good too . Friendly service but only one gentleman BYOB
Fluid state of change every year ! I think as it continues to evolve it will only get better ! ! ! !
This is not a great restaurant . Poor service , food just OK . Just OK .
We went for breakfast . It wasn ' t anything extraordinary just simple breakfast . It was served fast and as ordered so that ' s always a plus !
Great Gyro - Don ' t ask for French Fries - YIKES ! Love the atmosphere , customer service was great & to the point ! ! ! !
Frans is a good place to get breakfast , location was small and service was slower compared other locations but it was fine
Presentation is good . Food average but pricy ! Customer service is good and overall atmosphere was okay . Expected to be much fancy than what I experienced and will not come back due to over priced
Pretty much a Tim Horton ' s . My chocolate chip muffin was good and the coffee wasn ' t bad . Warm .
Good place to do some work or studying , but it ' s not a place I highly recommend . Good to check out though , if you ' re into exploring different coffee shops or cafes .
A nice spa . Service was good and efficient . Take note if you call and cancel on the same day you get charged full price for that service .
Surprisingly good portobello caprese sandwich .
Great food but TOO MUCH YELLING . Very noisy ! Warning to migraine sufferers or anyone prone to seizures : the flashing of the wall mounted pachinko machines may be triggers for you . Delightful service .
I don ' t mind this place , but it can get a little crowded at times . location is so so .
Great decor and vibe . The food was good but drinks even better ! I went with a large party and service was good but could have been better .
They did a great job with the re - model . The rooms are very nice ! Hopefully they stay that way ! !
Wayyyyy too rich . Frosting is heavy , cake is good though . Not a fan of the hard edible decorations that often land on top .
The food was ok . My friends rave about it I thought it as ok . Lots of TVs . Service was forgetful and that ' s why I ' m giving 3 not 4 stars .
The butter chicken was good . Also had side dish of cauliflower and garlic naan , both were also good . Satisfies a butter chicken craving .
Dinner Ambience : 4 / 5 Food : 3 / 5 Service : 3 / 5 Value : 2 / 5 Repeat : Unlikely
Decent greasy spoon for breakfast . I wouldn ' t go there for any other meal . Waitress was nice - food arrived in minutes .
Bridesmaid dress was done on time . Price was ok for what was done - a little on the higher side for simple alterations . Nice that she continually said to keep coming until I was happy .
It was ok . . coffee wasn ' t very good pastries were good and panini also good . This place just seemed to be a bit overrated .
Cheap delicious Mexican food . At lunch , the place is filled with Spanish - speaking workers so you know it ' s authentic and good . Love their flour tortillas !
Food tasted great and was really hot for once but server never refilled soft drink or seconds on bread sticks . : (
Great beer selection , not so great food ! I wouldn ' t bother eating here , but if you ' re interested in trying new beers , this is your place .
Amazing atmosphere but the food was not good . They really need to re think the menu and food . A beautiful setting like that needs way better food , bigger portions and can even charge more .
Was so excited to visit this location as my mother in law and father in law wanted to introduce us to the restaurant but unfortunately , I was disappointed on my visit .
The food was okay . The grilled chicken salad wasn ' t that good , it was too dry and burned . Overall the paste were about average .
Not too bad of a spot to grab a decent beer on the strip . Too bad they pour cheater pints . . . . .
Large portions to satisfy any belly size . Good service too
Fries were good , shake was good , burger was more of a slider . Five guys has a better burger in that class .
Had the epic protein bowl with shredded chicken and chips and queso . . . it was ok , nothing spectacular , queso was a bit lumpy , chips are very greasy .
Enjoyed the Italian sub but could have used more salami and pepperoni and lose the Black Forest ham please
I always loved going to Sugar Bowl . Changed the mint chip , not as good . Go back to the original . Chocolate shake and chocolate chip still good .
Great location ! Friendly helpful staff Odd that there are no restaurants here , but we can walk into the mall for many choices !
Mango Margarita was so yummy ! Great taco portions . Ordered the pozole , delicious but would prefer it with more soup and hot . Overall good first visit . Will come back for happy hour !
This is the gigantic sports bar downtown that everyone forgets about . So that has to say something .
the food was okay the server seemed too busy to keep us even half happy ? Not sure what was going on ? Most of us enjoyed our food , but could have had better service . . .
The food tastes good but is extremely bland and so lacks the Indian experience . The servers were not a friendly and approachable . However the service was quick .
There food is okay . I prefer not eating there for main courses . However , their samosas and chaats are worth trying .
First visit to Beauty & Essex . Interesting offerings . Small plates . Inventive cocktails .
I mean the tea is aight , the workers are aight , the environment is aight , the prices are aight . But I just came her to let you all know that I ' m biracial
I had hotcakes but tasted the eggs with beef from my husband plate and liked his more . Cashier a bit rude and impatient but a decent spot . Bacon super salty .
Food . . Staff . . All on Point . . Chips , Salsa , appetizers , Very Good , Im in Phoenix atleast , 4 times a year , and I would definitely come back
Marilo did a great cut and color which I am very happy with . But because of my overall experience I will not be returning .
Good service but everything was too salty ! ! ! Maybe the house potatoes need to be less seasoned
Decent pizza if you like thin crust . Sometimes great sometimes iffy customer service .
Staff is very friendly and donairs are fabulous ! Ask for extra sauce as you will need it . Hidden gem in forest lawn !
Best margarita of my life ( no joke ) , and the place is cute , but the food is just " ok " and overly priced in my opinion .
Slow as a turtle . . . . Don ' t know what more you want me to say . Bring back the undocumented workers .
This place isn ' t authentic Chinese restaurant . Disappointed . Service was great , but food was not .
Applejack Cherry Chilean Seabass was highlight . Their Grand Marnier Souffle was not that special , not impressed . Service was ok .
Under - impressed with the food for the cost . My Singapore noodles tasted like they were flavored with the packets of ramen I remember all too well from my college days . Other dishes very average .
Food is good but service is very slow . It shouldn ' t have to taken 10 mins to get another soup and salad refill and drink refills .
Friendly service , but very slow . The food that arrived did not look like the food we ordered from their menu .
Feel in love with this place - - good food and love the smoothie bar . The price is right . Service could be improved .
ehh food was ok services forgot the oj and the toast
I tried the strawberry yesterday . It is bit price of only one fruit in my opinion . The cream and slush is good .
Friendly staff but food wait time was a bit lengthy . Dragon roll wasn ' t complete . Salmon dish with the coconut sauce was tasty .
My drinks were both too watery ! Carmel flan latte and chai latte just didn ' t live up to being a quality coffee at all : ( other visits have been better .
We love the location of this Oregano ' s , but the staff is awful . The other locations are much nicer . Even the pizza seems to be worse here .
Nothing special , Decent food , sandwiches better than the pizza . Good for watching the game .
Bon petit Resto Thaï , apportée votre vin , le rapport qualité / prix est très bien . La nourriture est de qualité et pourrait être plus relevé . Le service est généralement courtois .
High octane coffee . They don ' t have a dark roast which is a Bummer but staff is friendly .
Copps is alright , but they are expensive . They have a nice selection of produce , but their meat prices are high .
Great food and service but probably too overpriced for the area . Its in an old Mcdonalds that could even be competitive in the area .
Good bagels but service is way too slow to make a toasted bagel with cream cheese - anything more than 15 minutes is not worth it .
Decent gym . Always packed and machines need an upgrade . Weekends are the best times to go . The classes are the best .
This is my revised rating after conversations with an owner that is interested with his customer ' s satisfaction .
' Twas just meh for me . I felt it was very carbon copy of every other Japanese steakhouse I have been . It was actually very bland and not very entertaining .
Average . I ' ve had worse . Had a carne asada burrito . I would try something different to see if it was me or their food .
Excellent sushi but horrible service . I ' ve been to this place over 20 times and at least half the time the service was horrible . They need to train their people better .
Not the best Giordano ' s I ' ve had , but we also carried out , so it ' s unfair to judge . Great location and quick take out .
Food was fine . How badly can you screw up eggs ? Service was horrible ! ! In no hurry to go back .
The food from Christos was solid . I would order from them again , although the hummus was a rather small portion for $ 4 .
very cute place to have a meal with friends . the food was priced very accordingly to the food that was served .
1 star for location , 1 for friendly staff / relaxed security , 1 for actually having flamingos in the court yard oh and the bath tub is was big enough for two people
We love pollo loco but this pollo loco never seems to have tortilla soup after 9pm ! It ' s just disappointing when that ' s what you went for at the moment . . .
Small bar with expensive food and very tight . The drinks are not that great for the price . For old port montreal you can save your money and go elsewhere .
TIP : Do NOT buy shampoo or conditioner , etc . from here . Charged me $ 40 for shampoo which I just found online for $ 12 . 95 .
1 person in parts working . Once I got the parts that I needed I was out .
So so place to have a quick lunch , or chat at 2am . Your typical Chinese restaurant with bubble tea
It ' s an airport dude . Just have a beer and then get on your plane and get out of here . You ' re welcome .
Good prices , variety of fresh produce and fruits , clean and good food court . However , customer service counter is missing quite a few items that I usually purchase from other Asian supermarkets .
Place seemed a little loud a little dirty and actually a little smelly . . . I think they needed a porter in there
It is about half hour from the strip , has numerous hiking trails , you can drive along on a scenic drive if you want , about a 20 min drive , good scenery , worth a drive
Overall it is a nice place to enjoy various Chinese food from Taiwan to Sichuan . But i think the most dishes are too salty .
We got seated right away which is good . The service was good . The only down side is the recipes could use improvement , but it was a good break from eating at home .
Friendly staff , clean bar , but horrendous food . I ' ll come to drink and watch sporting events , but not to eat .
Yup . They are indeed closed on Sunday ' s . But I think they had the best cheese options . . . Just inside .
Early dinner equaled getting a table quickly ! Great cornbread , salad and ribs . Excellent service , busy environment , open kitchen for entertainment aspect .
okay . Just average level . not too much surprise . Company annual dinner . fried crab ball was yummy
Needs a remodel . Plain and simple . No 24hr coffee shop . You can stop with the " we luv locals " crap . The M shows a lot more " luv " in every way .
We feel that instead of the flavor of the food , they used cheese on practically every dish . The menu could use some updating to include more vegetable based options .
Great atmosphere ! The tortillas are fresh but extremely greasy . The Guac was average .
The bacon cheese poutine was quite good , no place to seat though and a really poor service from a guy that clearly didn ' t want us there
this place is good if you like authentic chinese food . However the prices are sky high .
Pretty decent seafood , burgers , etc . Kinda like the food they serve at Islands , only not quite as good . Also its a bar so yeah party on .
Tried out the same bagel and it was good but expected more . It could have been the time that I went since it was at night time .
Good carne asada . . . I ' ve stuggled to find a time when this is open . . but , as carne asada goes , it ' s good .
Not bad . Prices were reasonable and quality was on par . We liked it but no wow factor .
Good local beers , interesting decor ( mugshots from the 1800s to the debauched celebrities of today ) and good company . Recommende if you are you in the High Park / Keel hood .
如果唔系同事需要买工作需要的服装用品等，都无会留意或行过Mark ' s Work Wearhouse . 搜索了下去了最近的分店位于north york ikea隔离，唔算大，痴住td bank和canadian tire . 店内有售男女服装、各种特殊工作的手套、鞋类、安全用具等。
Obvious cost control efforts underway . Skimped on the sauce and had to ask them to put more thank one jalapeño per slice . Hope they return to their old selves .
This place is always busy . Food is ok . The soup dumplings are worth the trip . If you go at lunchtime they might take until the end of your meal to arrive .
Stayed here in May 2015 . Room was comfortable also close to the airport , there is also free airport transportation . Restaurant is on site also in the plaza nearby . Reasonable for the price
Summer concert season is here ! Yay ! Sadly the bathrooms are not cooled so try to go prior or be prepared to stick to the toilet seat . Grass is nice and green .
your dining options are quite limited at this terminal . . but this place is not bad for an airport burrito . . prices are decent too . .
This restaurant has gone downhill in recent months . Rice has hard pieces in burritos . This happened in 3 recent visits . My kids and I don ' t like that . Salsa is still pretty good .
Saturday night karaoke is pretty clutch ! Bill the dj is great . Jacks ' food is ok , nothing special but good pub food . Jackalope ' s is always a good time !
Interesting place to say the least . Crowd was good and lively and the beer was priced fairly . They have a foozball table and a good selection of music .
One of the better oriental restaurants in the north GTA . Staff made the experience extremely enjoyable .
The ghost of Sammy Hagar is ever present . Oh wait , he is still alive . She maybe it is just the essence if Sammy . Eau d ' Sammy
If it were open the last 2x I ' ve been id give it 5 stars but since they choose when they feel like opening I ' ll give them 3 stars
Definitely worth a visit . Pretty authentic on couple of dishes , ambience can be improved on .
Food was good and the venue is beautiful however the service is poor . The slaw and the sliders were my favorite .
forget the food . . . it only takes up valuable space . go there to drink coconut margaritas and drink plenty . . . they are fantastic !
Food is good but the bad part is the chips . I don ' t know who ' s frying them up but they might need some help . Say no to stale chips .
Great food . Order a couple at a time as it ' s not AYCE . Great service !
Popped in to check it out , was scared because it looks like a dive from the outside . Food was good and waitress was great .
Burgers regret staff was friendly courteous cleanliness of the inside was not the best and the fries sucked
Bland food , slow service , and restaurant seemed a bit dirty . Only thing I liked was my boba drink .
The service was good , took awhile to get waters we asked for . We tried the Korean BBQ fries it was very salty . I got the original bang mi which it was good .
Ca faisait longtemps que je n ' etais pas retourné , toujours bon , moins achalandé qu ' il y a qq années , cuisses de grenouilles , canard fumé toujours au menu .
The burger had a really nice char - grilled flavor which I guess is what u should expect . Fries were good also . Took a star off because the old guy behind the counter was pretty rude .
Enjoyed this place very much . Good food and service . Good house brew selections . Fun atmosphere . Decent parking . Nice area .
Good ciders . Adds variety to the standard ciders like Woodchuck and Reds . However , if you like sweet ciders this is not the place for you . My girlfriends favorite was the cranberry cider .
Food pretty decent pho place coming from a girl who ' s used to pho in Little Saigon in OC .
Never a bad experience . The food is average and the drinks are as well but definitely always a great go - to spot if you ' re in the mood !
This place was ok . We ordered sushi and the three lunch combo . Spicy tuna roll was not as I expected but overall worth three stars .
The only thing that I like about this church are the QT Booklets . This church is good if you are looking for someone to pray for you and you are put in a bad situation .
Bahn mi is yummy a bit dry in need of more sauce . Coffee is decent . Very interesting vibe not quite sure about it yet .
Run - of - the - mill , chain restaurant Mexican food . Service was slow on two separate occasions eating here . The rice and beans are sub - par .
The resort fee of 20 . 16 a day is too much especially when the pool is closed . Nothing else fits it as a resort . The oscar steak house serves excellent food though .
cheap but wouldn ' t go there again . the food was alright . i got the butter tofu and vegetable curry .
Great singing servers and great food . Only problem is that the portions are kinda small for the price . Otherwise not a bad place . I ' ll probably be back again .
the presentation of the food probably counts for more than the food itself . it ' s not horrendous but once you get over the cheese wrapping around the ribs it ' s actually sort of meh .
The BTL Sandwich is okay . The bread is from Home . If you like how your mother make sandwich then okay . I think the bread fatter . . .
yelp needs to update - the speedpark at concord mills is not closed !
Well . It hit the spot after a night of drinking . I do not like their rice . Overall the service was good and the food was okay .
good food and byob only bad thing was hostess was rude
Came for dim sum on a Sunday . The food was above average but so was the price . Overall , one of the cleaner Chinese restaurants also .
A good selection of used police trade handguns . A family store that will bargain the prices . Worth a look
Good time share however , needs improvement in many areas . Managment needs to work a bit harder at organization .
The food was tasty but the portion were small and came in plastic takeout form . the price is a little high for this kind of serving . the ice cream was special . I will come back
Pho is great but i wanted to try something new and turned out to be a mistake , DO NOT get the Pad Thai i dont know why i did that to myself but it was very unsatisfactory .
Smack dab in the middle of the Luxor Casino is Centra . Friendly bartenders , excellent service at the tables . Great background music as you look over the casino ( and dancers ) . Yay !
I had a positive experience , but the facility wasn ' t exactly what I like in a spa . I will go back and hopefully things will be improved .
Fair selection . Beautiful store . Zero Opus X . Marginally friendly salespeople .
The ingredients are organic and simple , easy to get something quick and healthy . There ' s a small salad bar with salsa - and they had their own brewed tea that was good .
I prefer NY bagel to both the places in Montreal
Long wait for food and not very accommodating for strollers but the food was good and the shop in front was nice to browse while waiting
Not bad but not great . Recommend the spinach calzone . Very tasty . Service has improved . Extensive menu . Pricing is rather reasonable . Outdoor seating available . Good location for after Red Rock Canyon activities
It ' s an ok mall . Definitely fun to go and walk around and waste some time .
There waffles are ok very sweet I think it ' s just very over priced 3 waffles and 3 bottle waters cost me 40 $
Very good service and food . We recommend the filet mignon and the miso beef . The sukiyaki veggie noodles are delicious as well ! Enjoy
The service blows but the food is great and I do like how they have so many options on the menu .
Got the meat lovers pizza . Honestly , I thought it was just okay . It didn ' t taste bad but I ' ve got old school pizzeria ingrained in my head and in my arteries lol .
Very nice environment and the service was the best but the food . . . . not so great and the prices were kind of high .
well far as the food , its good for a Sunday . Wait staff a little on the slow side .
Exciting and creative menu and awesome micheladas , but ultimately the food was just average . After driving 30 minutes specifically to check it out , we are not likely make a return trip .
I never get angry when I go to a restaurant . I just don ' t like the pizza . But Oscar sitting next to me really likes the pizza . So you decide .
Hotel is nice but the payout on their slots are not great . . . i bet they are making a lot of money but that is how it works . . . .
The cheese steak sandwhich was alright . I don ' t know if it was worth the cost . I ' m not sure if I would order again .
Nice atmosphere . Drinks were subpar . Sushi mediocre . Would go back for happy hour , half off sushi rolls
Very good chinese style vegetarian dishes . My only problem are the prices . overpriced for small servings .
The restaurant is beautiful and I love the art but the servers were not so friendly and the food was not as good As the art .
love the service and the alfredo was good , however the filet mignon meatball wasnt as significant as it claims to be .
Some great clothes and great bags - but I agree that the employees could use some upgrading . As soon as you walk in they seem unhappy you came . Whatever ! Okay selection , terrible customer service .
Food is ok . No halal option and they seem to get annoyed if you ask ! I used to go when they were nicer .
Good experience . The dr was very detailed . I wasn ' t 100 % comfortable with the sonographer , but she managed to get the pictures the dr . needed . . . eventually .
When you first walk in , it smells kinda gross . The atmosphere is pretty fun and the service is good but the sausages are so greasy and pretty bland .
Limited menu selection , and VERY pricey . Expect to pay 22 dollars for a burger . Hostess was friendly Server was slow and not familiar with menu .
Nice atmosphere and a good value . Lacked in variety but everything was fresh and yummy .
Beer battered cod fish seems really rubbery . It ' s not crispy at all and the batter is really thick . Bleh .
Hit and Miss . They have bento boxes , but the chicken is consistently dry .
You want some average sushi ? Well , here you go . For sushi , it ' s best to get the lunch special where you can get two sets of rolls for a reasonable price .
Great food here . Their white sauce is almost comparable to the halal guys food carts in NYC . but consistency is what they lack . Not always great .
Good food , but ladies do not work well under pressure . The only friendly and polite worker there was the guy who was bringing out drinks and bussing tables !
They ' re ID policy is really bad . I got in without an ID by saying I was John A . ' s twin .
The food is okay but the selection of food has dwindled . However , the location is perfect and when you want to stuff your face this is the place for a great price .
Authentic and small - a local gem so to say . Don ' t come here to be wowed , come here for a relaxed environment with very flavourful food .
Was really good but I am never impressed with all u can eats . The a la Carte is always better . : (
madison has terrible asian food . this place is good . sqash and green curry rec . food is on the salty side .
It ' s alright , not the best Mexican food I ' ve had . Had the carnitas and it was super oily , other than that the food is alright , cool modern Mexican ambience .
Called at 3pm & Michael was here by 6 : 15 . Very professional , diagnosed the problem right away & had my washer up & running
The real deal saloon / dive bar . . . . Nothing fancy just an original old time neighborhood bar . . . . . if you never been it ' s a must !
Super great food ! I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the quality of my meal . No wait and easy fast service . Will be back soon .
Smoke throughout hotel . Rooms are kinda plain . No real blankets , crappy pillows . No refrig or microwave . Food at casino is fair to mediocre at best . Pepsi products only .
Ok variety of different unique items . Not enough cookie varieties for me . Don ' t even offer traditional oatmeal raisin , oatmeal chocolate chip was really good . Tastebuds fought for the 3 stars .
I struggle with J in the B . It seems to all run together and in taste . Saying all that . . . . . . . I did enjoy a recent breakfast sandwich .
Good fresh food and good portion . Fast service . A little warm inside and no patio . Clean place and tables are wiped clean .
3 starts for food . 4 stars for cocktails . Nice atmosphere and cool spot to check out near capital .
Good specials , okay food , service is questionable . Sometimes the cook cannot determine the degrees of doneness [ well * done , over * hard . . . ]
It was ok . Crepe was thick and cold . Cheese inside wasn ' t melted . Not in any hurry to go back .
Burgers done right . Definitely not your McDonalds . No waiter / waitress order at counter and they bring it to you .
Stay here for the lobster pourtine . The service is great and the Lobster poutine taste great . Will definitely come back for full meal
Great price , room clean but lacks enough electric outlets . Mattress unfortunately left a lot to be desired . Great staff . Okay breakfast . We would stay again . They are painting and updating .
Good boba , but the thai food wasnt good , it was edible . Convenient thought , but not impressive .
This is a State Steet type of bar that is not on state . Cheap tap beers , typical bar food . It may be time for an update and some new menu items . . . . .
We tried the all you can eat sushi . It was good but I had better . Price was decent for it . I want to go back to try the hot pot .
3 stars for the beer selection and scotch eggs . Rest of the food so far is ho hum . . . .
The drink was perfectly sweetened and the boba was very soft but still chewy , although the flavor of it was a bit weird . I just dislike the cap that they use for everything .
The pho is watered down and they use bell peppers ? ? Bathroom was NASTY dirty ! Not a big fan .
Good food , poker on Saturday half price drinks and appatizers make it a solid evening at a decent price .
Got the biscuit with honey , it was great ! ! Although the the honey was not that great : ( I also got the apple pie and it was so yummy ! !
Clam and muscle are not fresh , other dishes we ordered are good , not amazingly good though
Normally a long line . Pre - order using the app if possible . Food is consistently good though for a chain .
Good prices and convenient location . Could use some better lighting . Nice to have a place nearby supporting local merchants .
Happy hour ! Got a brisket sandwich and a chicken buffalo wrap . One drink and the total came to $ 50 with tip . A little spendy and food was ok not great .
Everything was good except the loud hard rock music playing , probably good for the bar patrons but in your face while trying to enjoy your meal .
Ouvert 24h , grande terrasse et bcp de tables avec un peu de verdure autour , café et petite restauration raisonable .
Not my favorite of the local baristas but it ' s Starbucks . . . terribly consistent .
Nice place with friendly staff . Conveniently located right off the grocery store . But the drinks were way too sweetened . I would ask for " 30 % sugar " if they can .
Okay buy too much fat on the short ribs . You need to trim the fat . Thanks for the free desert !
Great bar . . . like the rock music . Rap and hip hop is so played out . Nice to have something different .
Decent food but over - priced . I ' ve eaten here once and never went back . . . wasn ' t that impressed the first time .
Decor is awesome . Staff is awesome . Great break from the heat outside . Music was trendy too . Food was okay . Huge amounts but flavor not so much .
Ultra lounge style night club with pretty good asian influence food . Had excellent ginger beef , then they moved tables to create dance space with DJ techno / dance music .
It used to be one of the best vegetarian around . Somehow without notice it seems that staff changed and now it is just blend or worth any Chinese mall food .
Food is ok , not great . I ' ve had way better .
Fair prices , good food , friendly staff . The food personally didn ' t blow me out of my chair but was quite enjoyable at a seemingly fair price point .
Nice place to hang out . They have Jameson shots for $ 4 throughout the year . Have great spinach and artichoke dip .
Ok . Liked their kung pao chicken and the pork scwhezan stir fry didn ' t turn out to be as good .
Great pizza but slow service . The seating area was dirty and looked like an old dairy queen setup inside , not in a good way . Located not in the best area !
I saw a P . A named Micole She was nice and attentive I woke up with my eye swollen shut turns out I had a clogged gland I think She did well
Food is always good , but you have two parking spots for curbside pickup and you park your catering van in one of them . . . just brilliant ! ! ! !
Suuuper nice staff but for $ 94 . 00 I expected a bit more I guess ? They smell very nice though and the arrangement was put together wonderfully .
Check your steak . They taste great but always takes 2 shots to get it right . Always overcooked or raw . Awesome when they finally get it right .
Servers are awesome and nice ! But I asked for a medium cooked steak but they served a well done one . Also , ordered for broccoli for sides and they served mashed potato .
I love the pork tenderloin , but I wish Bobby Flay would change up the menu a bit . Make me want to go back again !
DUUUUUHHHHHHHH yesss . . . can i have de oter of de small side of bugs bic boisss and how much monneeey you ' lo ? isa buk lau
Had chicken green curry , pad Thai and sticky rice mango . The best bite was the pad Thai . The rice in the dessert was too soggy .
I do like their Al dente pasta . Unagi don pasta sauce was excellent .
Once again , Zulema has helped me , she is very patient Essence is very resourceful and courteous and continues amaze me with their knowledge staff who always find time to assist me with my medicinal needs
Old fashioned diner that could use more upkeep . Decent food for the price though ! Wish they took credit cards . .
Good food . Not the cheapest for the amount of food they serve . I ' ve had better and faster service at a local restaurant and most chain restaurants .
The food was a little bland . The facilities were clean and the staff was nice . I would probably give it another try when I was back in Wexford .
A pretty trendy sushi joint in Old Town . They had me sold with the Jim Morrison and Jimi Hendrix photos behind the bar .
Wish they had a bigger space and more variety . But the service is nice .
Of the two locations this one on Queen Street seems to be more consistent in quantity , quality and presentation . Chicken is still tasty , rice has the right amount of bite . Service fast and friendly .
Customer service was excellent and the food was very fresh . However , it wasn ' t extraordinary or anything that would particularly make me go back . All in all a good stop for a quick lunch .
I used my voucher on the first day we got there and the food was ok . I didn ' t have anything that made we want to go back for seconds .
Great choise for fast food
Good quality hand soap and hand dryer here ! Thanks for not cheaping out on us dunkin donuts ! Stable WIFI ! Donuts can be better .
Food was OK . This location is always IMO under staffed . The crew that was working the night I went was struggling to keep up with drive thru and dining room order . Taco Bell hire some people‼
Had my hopes held high , was let down . Much better tacos around the area . The price was fair , and the people where very nice that ' s why I give it 3 stars .
It ' s good fast food . Chicken minis are great for breakfast but need more then 4 to feel full .
The coffees and frozen drinks are very good . The yogurt was premade , so the granola was mushy .
Daaaaayum , everything is expensive . The only things that weren ' t were the souvenir shot glasses in the middle aisle for . 99 haha . Sigh haha .
Good gyro . Got the lam gyro wrap . Service pretty good too . Hot sauce isn ' t very spicy per se , but definitely tasty . Would recommend you add it onto your dish
Limited gluten free options . We planned on eating here but opted just to get chips and salsa with a pitcher instead . One of the best Pina coladas I ' ve had !
Food was ok . Service was pretty good . Convenient to eat at if your hungry and visiting the Stratosphere .
I love Apple products , but a 3 . 5 hour wait for Genius Bar without appt , is unacceptable . They need to allocate time for walkins every hour .
Excellent cocktails , good food , so - so service . Closes pretty early .
Slow service and average pizza . Convenient to home depot .
Price is a little steep for the quality and selection of the food but I guess I can appreciate an Asian Style AYCE with unlimited desserts and shrimp tempura .
Coworker found this restaurant on Yelp . The Belgium Waffle was overcooked yet the batter was very tasty . The waitstaff was definitely the most enjoyable part of this restaurant .
Ce resto vaut le détour , du moins pour sa superbe vue sur l ' eau . Les déjeuners sont très similaires au resto du genre , bref , je n ' ai pas été impressionnée .
Stopped for wings . The place offers a large selection of flavors for bone in and boneless wings . The staff is friendly and their are several TV ' s so you can watch the games .
Ok food . Prices are OK . Just an ok place to eat if you feel for steak . The ribs are better at Madison or Baton rouge . Good service .
The only thing I liked were the apple empanadas . . . The food was a little bland the night I went , but the people seem sweet and the dessert is on point .
Always a great place for a cheap pitcher of sangria on a lazy Saturday afternoon . I never eat the food , but my date had the all day french toast and eggs with no complaints .
Such a fun place , but I seriously leave every movie with my clothes stuck to me because it ' s SO HOT in the theaters ! ! ! !
the atmosphere was wonderful and the service was excellent . the food , not a flavorful as i would have liked , for the price . a good place for an afterwork drink but thats it .
Not the most fresh fish . Serviceable for a quick lunch but I ' ll never crave anything from this place .
Decent baked goods but not a huge selection . Happen to run into a bitchy server with bad attitude from grabbing a cookie to paying .
Food taste : good Food quantity : poor . Fish tacos each had a tiny piece of fish . Not worth the money . Service : good
Its ok . You cant smoke . overpriced drinks . But like the name of the place EYECANDY . Oh yea . .
Great service but I was not impressed with my dish . The clam linguini was to salty and did not taste fresh . Appetizers were good and my drink was delicious .
Food was good but after having reservations & still waiting 15 minutes to be seated . And only two wait staff on hand . Service could ' ve been better for pricey food .
It ' s a nice clean barbershop but every time I seem to go there ' s only one barber working , and have to wait a while for a cut .
The green and yellow curries were very salty and watered down . Was pretty bummed out that we got this disappointment at an unreasonable cost .
Homemade hotpot is better than their hotpot . Hotpot additional items are too pricy consider the amount they give you . Service is extremely slow due to the fact they usually have only one waitress actually working .
Lovely outside sitting area . Inside dark . I ordered eggplant bruschetta which arrived lukewarm and greasy . The grilled chicken salad was okay but not great . Service okay . Would not go back
This sushi was fair , not the greatest . Service was slow . Food was heavy on the stomach . Wait staff confused about food and bill . If you want phenomenal sushi , go to Sushi Hiro !
Great Grilled Chicken ! Don ' t recommend the beans unless you like bean water . Quickly made roasted on mesquite wood .
their custom cake dept is great ! dont understand why they dont have chocolate sprinkles available ? !
The view is cool ( although , the day we came it was hard to see , due to the weather ) . Everything else was average and expensive .
I love the deals I get here , but the mall is a bit run down .
My experience wasn ' t positive at first but the regular doctor did try and help with the issues .
Good service . Typical pub food . Large space , lots of TVs , a few pool tables . I would go again .
The service was decent . Very sportsy and outgoing but the waitress wasn ' t too attentive to us . She actually barely checked in on us and we had to ask other servers for different things .
I highly recommend this place for the salads and sandwiches . However our group ordered three different soups and each one was inedible due to the sodium content .
Overated . Food basic because " farm fresh . " Service lacking . Patio is dirty and chaotic
Got my brother and dad 2 mango smoothie slush for $ 5 . I asked if they had a trash can and they lied and said no . Everywhere else I go is more helpful in that department .
Friendly service from Security and bar staff ! ! Hostess was VERY rude , if I didn ' t have to deal with her , I ' d come back for sure !
Pros : reserve a seat , comfy chairs that recline , friendly staff Cons : sound isn ' t loud enough , limited selection of concessions , outdoor ticket touchscreens were broken
Good food . Way too chaotic ! Very loud . Nowhere to sit because tables aren ' t bused . Half the price of PF Chang ' s but miss the ambiance .
Eh , nothing spectacular . A little over priced . Tasted ok but made my stomach hurt really bad after eating . No thanks on ever going there again .
The garlic sauce wasn ' t anything special . Tasted like a garlicy kraft ranch . The pizza was ok . Nothing special either . Better then the chains but not what I expected from the hype
We only go here if we have tons of time because the kitchen is absurdly slow . Called in the order told 15 min . 30 min later it was ready .
Restaurant is eclectic and fun to look at . Food and service were okay . Not too busy at the time we went which makes me wonder what the hold up was .
This plqce is wayyyyy to small not enough seating and the prices are ridiculously high its outrageous , will I ever return probably , the burgers are amazing
Decent for a quick small meal . Friendly staff . As others said , prices going up will likely kill off all but the most time sensitive visitors .
We ordered spicy papaya salad , pork larb and Khan Gai Soup and it was alright . The soup was probably the best here .
Celebrated a birthday here with a group of friends . It was okay , the location and decor are great . Lots of fun activities to do around this area .
Waiting takes awhilealso it ' s by a trailer park so idk why they suggest we dress nice . And the decorate like their in Italy or something
This place is pretty neat . They have a wide variety of fish that all seem decently healthy . The other animals they keep could use some work though .
Not up to par at all . . service is really slow . . the food is ok but in an empty place the service should be a little bit more speedy
The beef is so tasty . Was kinda bummed out about the long wait before getting our food though .
Love Coming Here For The Midnight Milkshake . . . Clearly It ' s No 5 - Star Restaurant But It ' s A Great Place To Reminisce About The Good Old Days !
Same maybe slightly bigger than the one in the mall . Designs are pretty plain . and quality s so - so
Love the pizza ! Would have given more stars if my waitress Sarah weren ' t so bad . Terrible service !
Yet another Mediterranean restaurant in a 2 block radius . Pitas good . Hand made . I liked the sampler
kinda loud but at least I got to see Chris Santos , oysters were good but the short rib mac and cheese had almost no short rib . Food was a bit over salted .
Food is ok . Great bar . Love there drink specials . Cant remember which night but they do a 2 . 50 draft night .
Very tasty food and drinks ! Its a little pricey , but worth it if you want something better than a typical chain .
This place used to be the best donuts in town but they changed their recipe . I go to Winchell ' s now .
Pretty good . I would like to have seen more meat on the sandwich and a better choice of bread . But then again , that ' s fast food for you !
Great amount of space . I go to the holiday craft show every year . The parking lot is also large but does fill up quick .
Very expense for a regular hot dog . Nothing special in my opinion , very crowded , too noisy .
Great microbrews . Descent service . No way burgers are 1 / 2 pound . Bacon was burnt . Calimari appetiser was delicious . Burger came out overcooked . The guy who brought replacement had attitude problem .
Pricey but good . It ' s in a secluded area at Caesars palace . No one came in for about 30 min . Food was good .
Nice small shop , get your hd stiff on , no bikes just clothes and gadgets and hd gear . I rarely wear hd clothes , just ride the bikes , Right next to white castle hamburgers .
Very clean ! Nice tables & nice music . Cute lil date spot . Meat is fresh but kind of bland . Friendly staff . Be patient bc service is slow when they get busy .
Thought the pho noodle soup was quite good , not too fatty . This was about a year ago . However portion sizes were on smaller side .
This place was ok . Decent ice cream but iced coffee was a extremely watered down . I will be going to dunkin donuts next time for my premium coffee needs .
Very nice whiskey bar . Again , nothing cheap here . 2 drinks = 35 bucks . Comfy place to people watch .
Not bad , but their website is a nightmare to navigate , too busy . Its hard to find shipping info , and sometimes shipping via the website is quite expensive . No downtown location
Very very Long wait to check in . Parking somewhat inconvenient and dirty . Plenty of places to eat on the bottom floor .
Did a god job with my car , changed the radiator in no time and had the option of getting my new exhaust pipe whit great sound . would come back anytime
Omg ! Waiting still 25 mins and still waiting with only 3 cars ahead of me ? I dont understand why the drive thru takes so long ?
I was rushed to take my order , on several occasions I was over charged . It would be a better service if the employees could speak English and not rush customers out ! ! ! !
American Japanese food . If you want to have real Japanese food , you gotta go to Japan . It is not even comparable .
He replied and apologized for not having the correct information on his website . He said he would update the website accordingly .
The patio here is beautiful ! The food is ok I got the lettuce cup salad which was bland so I don ' t recommend getting that .
Not sure why it has such high reviews - the food was decent , but nothing out of the ordinary . They have a nice private area for parties .
I love the food But EVERY time I order I get shorted something ! Dip , chips , pop , ect . Really frustrating when you pay for something and you get shorted ! This location and chaparrals
Nice little Irish Pub ! If only their beer selection was larger !
Sandwiches were good . Excellent selection of beer . Priced a little high . Will go back for the two for one specials on Monday and Tuesday .
The brought us the wrong but easily fixed it . Food came quickly and was interesting . The pork sandwich was a little dry but we will definitely be back .
Great hk style cafe . Service was super fast and efficient . Cost is great . Dont expect spectacular food , but good value .
They have a great happy hour with 1 / 2 price drinks , appetizers and maki rolls . Loved the spicy tuna , not so much with the spider roll
We stopped at this place last Saturday for a quick drink & finger foods in Midtown . My friend ordered the chicken wings and I ordered the onion rings . The food was okay and the atmosphere decent .
We loved the Cuban Bread appetizer but they stopped serving it . The rest of the food is ok . The best thing about this place is the Chocolate Island desert . The wife likes the Mojitos .
It ' s a good salon nothing special . And the MEN and BOYS haircuts are $ 4 . 99 ! You get what you pay for .
I hate Mcdonald ' s I go tto be really really Hungry to eat there but my kids like it . This location service is what u expect from Mikey D ' s , nothing more nothing less .
Kinda pricy Filet whiskey butter kinda ruined it Stuffed salmon was ok . . . nothing fantastic
Desert was great - beer was good . Food was under seasoned a bit with out the sauce . Husband liked it with .
Sushi was great ! The special rolls are really good . Service was ok . A little expensive for some of the sushi rolls . Would go again though .
Vibrant veganism . Ginger tea is lovely served in bistro glass . Baby Buddha bowl with brown rice and peanut sauce arrived quickly . Busy and noisy but healthy and quick .
Nothing to write home about . Just a wannabe fancy dogs . Any hot dog stand in Chicago would beat this place hands down . No atmosphere either . Keep walking until you find something better .
Food was good portions and was delicious , but Bar service was pretty bad . Bartenders stood there and talked while we waited 10 minutes to be served drinks and another 15 minutes to order food
The owner is very friendly . The food is a little bland and chicken was dry . The baklava tasted old and stale . The shawarma is good !
Was OK . Just a traditional tourist stop . Bought a tee shirt , . Reasonable prices for beverages . Glad I visited now checking it off as a place in visited .
Very unique dining experience . The food was very flavorful and there was enough variety for everyone tastes . Recommend going with friends or family though . Pricey .
Good food but small portions and expensive .
Wow . Food is great . Service was great . I really enjoyed dinner here . My only complaint I the smoke from the bar next door blows into the dining area .
Hi , I ' ve gone here and I had quite an okie dokie time . Was very flavourful . . . Will maybe go maybe again . : D
The tostielotes are to die for ! Also try the obispos ( shaved ice & ice cream ) yummm !
It ' s food . . . . not really impressed nothing I can really say that was good about it . Cool atmosphere . The Corona ' s are super cold .
I was a bit dubious about a cafe that advertises coffee that doesn ' t taste like coffee but the espresso was decent . Not awesome but better than Starbucks .
An Irish pub that plays club music . Interesting . Fun enough !
food is good - but service can use some work , which is too bad because they automatically add a gratuity service charge of 15 %
Nice guys . Knowledgeable and polite . Clean establishment , and well stocked .
It ' s Vegas . the place bugsy started . Tacky blingy etc . . . . I dont like the room remodel . Put give the location and price a A + + +
This place is so good ! It ' s delicious , the drinks are great and the staff is very kind . Love the brisket quesadilla . Go ! And ask for Jamal
Stopped in and had a battle ship , fresh bread and good eats . it ' s definitely worth a return visit .
Decent sushi option . Sat quickly , good service , nice ambiance . Enjoyed the DJ . Typical Vegas resort pricing , no value here . Try the Pop Rockin ' roll for something fun and different .
Chicken Schwarma is great . Also the baklava is great . Made fresh the food is delicious but we ' ve also had some not so good visits
One star for the food , one star for free soda I got for checking in , and another for the service . Lost two stars due to freakin flies flying around
The pizza here is decent . I ' ve tried one pasta dish and also the wings , and both of those are okay . But those garlic knots . . . Freakin delicious !
Didn ' t know there were water slides that could scare the crap outta me . Park is a bit run down , and some of the slides were out of commission , but an overall good time .
the blue burrito is decent . . not quite authentic Mexican style , but this is an airport and for a quick bite in between flights it was a reasonable option and the price was OK by airport standards
Serviceable . Service was slow . Server " niced " us to death . Very reasonable happy hour menu . The Garlic chx was quite dry . Great onion rings . My sushi rolls were Midland .
Meh . . . at least the prices are reasonable . No coffee and tea was too strong . Desserts look better than they taste as well .
I ate Calbo and Fungi pizza but it was too salty There ' re good price and enough to eat but that ' s all
Aloo Gobi was undercooked . Samosa Chaat was pretty good , large portion . Paratha was bad , undercooked and poorly layered . Mango Lassi was fine .
Pizza was amazing , good flavours . I have the carbonara pasta it was good but lacked little something . Overall good place .
This coffee shop is , as most commenters note , in a gorgeous building in a pretty part of town . its soooo cool
My wife and i like their lunch buffet . Lot of variety for a reasonable price . We recommend their catering too . Govind at the hotel is very helpful and accomodating . They have introduced Chinese too .
This was a fun place to go , and the food was decent but nothing amazing . I ' d like to go back and try something else .
I gave 3 stars because the dishes , while pretty good , were pricey . Charged $ 3 for a bowl of rice and $ 5 for tea for 3 of us . Will not go back .
Excellent breakfast but service is really slow . Took 25 minutes to get our coffee and overall over an hour for a simple breakfast .
A neat little cafe in the centre of downtown , overpriced for the quality but plenty of enticing selections . It makes a change from the popular coffee shops .
The food was good , I had the lemon grilled shrimp tacos . I would Honestly say the customer service was much more better than the food . I would definitely go back for the food and service !
Cool place , great desserts and very good Italian . The lemon cake and trimasou was awesome ! Nice location with parking .
Sushi was fresh but still not as good as Sushi Koma on corner of Flamingo and Durango .
Food is very good but service not good . Maybe needed more help . Example we asked for lemon , we had to asked 3 times .
Really wanted to like this place , heard good things , but it was just ok . The service was very good . Will come back and give it another opportunity .
Great beer and food . Service was the low point . Our server , chad i believe , seemed to prefer spending his time congregating at the end of the bar with the other servers .
The garlic nan was delicious to start off with and the chicken curry and lamb mantra were excellent . I ' ll be ordering to go next time and enjoy the food at home bc the service awful .
Excellent neighbourhood restaurant , friendly service and good comfort food . Try the Greek salad , and Nancy ' s yoghurt fruit crunch . It ' s a complete meal !
This restaurant serves typical Chinese buffet food and just a little sushi . The food tasted OK . Price was reasonable . Waitresses asked if we wanted drink refills . The table was clean .
Good food marred by way too much salt . That prevents me from going more often . Otherwise the place is excellent .
I went to hear a band here and was surprised to find the food was pretty good . The service is excellent . The band played upstairs and the sound system was very good .
Hot food bar needs attention ! The food is mostly dry or burnt . Like their promotions though and they keep introducing new deals which i like . Parking is ample
Ok traditional Mexican . Good service . Nice place . Just didn ' t love the food . Think shredded chicken
I thought this place was decent not spectacular . The bakery look pretty but they were overly sweet . The spacing is great and spacious
Came for Dim Sum . They have standard dim sum choices . Overall it was mediocre in my opinion . I agree with many of the other reviews here . Missing Golden Palace .
Great service , local beers , and burgers . Skip the Skinny Burger and splurge on the real deal - the Mechant burger was superior !
Motley assortment of recycled , used and new clothing , everything pretty much aimed at a younger , collegiate market . Prices accessible but stock best suited to abovementioned clientele .
1 . Hot dog was grilled just right and good size . 2 . Hot dog and fries could have a lil more flavor . 3 . Nice atmosphere .
Gotta try the latkes , they are the bomb and super filling . Besides that the typical club style sandwiches is whatchagonnaget .
I do like the interior design of this place . But the crowd seem kind of old for my taste . The dance floor seems small but this place is good for dates I think .
I graded this on its airport food . If outside the airport the stats would have fallen . We ordered the poutine and the steak sandwich . They were ok . Decent for airplane food .
Okay selection of products here . At times nothing to buy though . There is another Ross nearby that has more products than this location .
Great food . Some of the best I ' ve had , but very slow service . Waited over 20 minutes for a quesadilla when the place was nearly empty .
Review for deli - got sandwich with two measly slices of meat and the wheat wrap crumbled . So disappointing .
Love panera but this is a bad location . . . staff is nice but we had all burnt baguettes and my friend had the cheese paper still on her sandwich . .
Cute diner . Delicious breakfasts . Would enjoy larger selection of salads or heathy options .
Although they advertise they have gluten free options , last 2 times I have been here , " they ran out yesterday . "
Question : When hot light is on ? Answer : 5am - 10am . At 8 : 30am . . . nothing . Response : There are some gaps . What ?
A fine choice in a hotel . Decent food . Good service .
Not bad . But CLE restaurants have surpassed Johnnys . Won ' t return . Support the the hard - working locals that stay current . It . Helps everyone
They finally got the issue fixed after the 5th time with our vehicle . Chris is great and has customer service .
Hit and miss on how good the food is and the service . Got a plain cheese pizza and it was the worst I have ever had . The fried ravioli is better than their other locations .
Burgers were ok , not the best in town , but definitely not the worst . . can ' t beat the price on Tuesday , 2 bucks . The fountain drinks however were horrible . . .
Had softener installed three years ago , had a leak and was to be charged for a service call to tell me if under warranty or not . Contacted Culligan customer Service and Total Water did fix under warranty
Good not great food . Did not quite live up to expectations . Nice atmosphere . Simple in approach . Great chef not clearly evident on the plates . Not bad by any measure just no wow factor
Wasn ' t impressed , service was slow and food was pretty much flavorless . The building however is impressive .
Ordered a hot combo plate , lobster bisque and crab cocktail . Lobster bisque is sooooo salty . . . cannot even finish . The hot combo is fine , but not any impressive
Just another chain , friendly , lively place for groups to gather , not thrilled with the Prime Rib , will try it again and order something else . A 5 - Star Foidue
Decent pub . Good selection of beers , OK food , slow but friendly service and some of the worst odds video poker in Vegas ! Still , not a bad place .
Spicy chicken plate with veggies was cooked just right wish i could ' ve had more veggies but wasn ' t bad .
Been here twice . Nice atmosphere but does not particularly stand out in the area . I have had a few beers , closed tab and moved on . Meh . . .
I have been a frequent to this park and I do have to say that adding water to this crusty park would be better I like it overall just water would make it better .
The lightbulb drink was cute but the taste was quite usual . The food / dessert was a bit disappointing in the taste and the price but will come again for the drinks
Was just ok . Out of elderflower juice for the golden french mimosa , forgot the egg on the breakfast sandwich , my Turkey & Brie wasn ' t warm
They have great bands that play here , but its too small of a venue to hear music .
Had nachos and grilled chicken . Tasty food . Atmosphere is LOUD hard to hear both inside and outside of venue . The food service was quick enough but waitress was phoning it in
Food was good but unfortunately the service was only fair , therefore I ' m giving 3 instead of 4 stars . Will try again and hopefully have a different experience .
Food was good but when it came to the bill they charged me 1 . 25 for asking for a chili sauce . . . really ? Disappointing
Pretty standard American Chinese food , not anything special , but still good . The online ordering system is nice though .
happy hour 3 to 7 PM . Place cool & laid back . You can ' t go wrong during happy hour . . .
Great bartenders . Decent food . My burger was so salty I couldn ' t eat it . Fries are good . Cheap drinks .
We had pork carnitas ( excellent ) and lamb tacos ( good ) . Solid service but felt overpriced and probably wont go back .
Good food . Only complaint I have is they only gave me one patty on my Santa Barbara Char when it is suppose to come with 2 . . .
Four stars for the rice noodle , taste alright and large portions , two or three stars for the fondue because it ' s nearly flavorless and the ingredients are not fresh at all
Lots of different options and good pizza too ! Our server was a little off , but mayeb she was just having a weird day .
Ordered 3 scoops of ice cream on a chocolates waffle taco . Presentation looks great , but it ' s just regular ice cream .
We both had the Flip Side burger and it was delicious . I didn ' t like the smell if the metal tables . The service was friendly but not attentive .
I ordered the pho ga and shrimp spring rolls . The food was alright it taste like bar pho , the service was slow but staff is nice
The first visit shows some promise . The cheese curds are great but best with regular ranch .
Food was good . Service was terrible . Waiting for our check forever . Actually still waiting
The food is always fantastic and likely always will be . But this particular location likes to skimp on portion sizes and consistently gets my order incorrect . Hopefully this time everything goes well !
Slow deli service . Won ' t allow you to buy everything in their case .
Efficient service . Quick and easy to set up . A little slow getting to dealership so I was an hour late for work . Friendly service reps .
Good not great . Nice salad but nothing spectacular . Had a couple cheeses as well that were the same . Good not great
Would of liked it if the place was cleaner . My nail was broken far down & the gentleman repair it . I would have liked a longer hand massage & a better quality of lotion .
Not my kind of food but the vegetarian options are available .
This restraunt had amazing food but I thought it was a bit pricey and the dim sum selection is limited .
Papaya salad was awesome . Chicken pot also very tasty . However pork belly was not very tender . Squid was overdone . Easy to get a seat . Nice service .
I always have to wait in line , Service was ok . I dont feel like coming back there again
food was ok . not many , if any irish fares on the menu . bangers and mash - nope . that was the only disappointing thing . friendly service and reasonable pricing .
Food is great ! Love the steak fajitas ! If you like your drinks with the brand of liquor you requested - better go elsewhere
Ok sandwiches . Need to try the baked potatoes or the salads . Seems almost like " fast food " deli with real deli prices . At least it ' s not Subway ! !
$ 10 for set lunch . You get what you pay for . This place is pretty packed on a Thursday lunch . Funny to me the servers are wearing bow ties
Came here on canada day , sundown selected our order : only to discover that it will take 50 minutes . Would have been nice to know that before sitting down mega fail
Idk about all the complaints but I like this place . Although I never had dinner or a sit down experience here just drinking and dancing silly : )
Giants need a new spring training park . It ' s cool and all , but nothing compared to the new cactus league yards . Yo Yo
This used to be my favorite restaurant but it appears to have gone somewhat down hill over the past several visits .
I love the food here , especially the mac and cheese . The service was horrible . I will never come back here again .
Great atmosphere , but food and drinks are just ok . I had the carne asada tacos , sangarita , and can ' t drive 55 . The patio is perfect for people watching
位于Queen St West的购物区，周边店铺比以前少了，人气都少左。呢间AEO（American Eagle Outfitters ）开业时间不算长吧，地方都ok 大，自家内衣品牌Aerie自成一角。不过唔觉眼有减价区，因为其他分店会见到减价衣品都放到一个展柜度，可能呢间只售新货吧
Been here a bunch and it ' s okay . Came the other day and got food poisoning . Won ' t be coming back
Had the delicious caramel pecan gelato . It was smooth and tasty . Quick pop in and pop out shop . If I wasn ' t staying at the Hyatt regency I would have missed out .
Smaller size airport - easy to get in and out . This is a definite plus - don ' t want to waste valuable vacation time in the airport ! !
My wife and I got the short ribs and petite chicken along with their chocolate covered bacon s ' mores . . . Meh
Thought I ' d put this review in to balance the 1 star reviews . Service was fine , although they missed 1 item . Food was great . Maybe overpriced , but great location .
Slow service . the food is not impressive but nice atmosphere . I prefer their bakery store and the restaurant in the Shops at Columbus Circle , NY .
Meh . . . another Fox restaurant . The wait staff was remarkable . . . perfect service .
For those of you wondering , we eventually got Heather her free lunch . 8 ^ )
An enjoyable place to meet with friends and family for a great experience , from their outdoor seating to the great service . Port city is a place to stop by and see .
I wanted to like this place I love the setting it ' s in my neighborhood but the food is just so so and it ' s way overpriced
Bof , restaurant du vieux Montreal avec des prix pour touristes ( ça coûte cher : un biscuit un petit latte 10 $ ) mwais .
The food is OK but their service is horrible . The place is dirty and on organized . It shows the lack of healthy restaurants when a place like this can stay in business .
Tacos were good . Especially the chicken . Husband had carne asada burrito and I had the huevos rancheros and both were good . Tres dessert was dry but banana cream pie was good . Service was slow .
My group stopped here as we were in between flights . The burger I got was ok . I thought the description made burger I had sound better than it was . Overall not a bad place
This place is decent but hours arent posted . Closed right now at 3pm on Sunday . Must hate weekends and or lunch . WHAT ARE YOUR HOURS ? !
Very quaint coffe house . Staff is very pleasent and the vibe is cool and trendy . My cafe latte was excellent and the outdoor patio is great .
the most frequently restaurant that I go to since living here . love their diverse choices abt combination , size , noodles and so on . most of the waiters are friendly and helpful , cheap and yummy food
Came here because of sushi and crab legs . Crabs were fine , but sushi was nit that great . It ' s a clean and newer restaurant though if that means anything : /
Staff is not very friendly and portions felt smaller compared to the Sunset location . What we got was still very very tasty and we will deal with the not - so - great service again sometime .
Excellent happy hour lunch specials with a variety of options for the sushi / sashimi crowd and those who like their food cooked . Update : sick after . Would not return .
First time eating here . Had egg and bacon breakfast . . Not bad . . Eggs were a little greasy as were the hash browns . . Service was very fast and friendly . . Hence three stars
Had a little trouble with the initial deal but the GM personally met with me days later and adjusted the numbers to fit my expectations and budget .
Food was basic fare . OK but not great . Nothing to complain about but does not hold a candle to NY Chinese on Greenvalley prkwy
Stopped by for lunch and was pleasantly surprised ! Great summer rolls and wonderful pho !
Crowd was . . . . lets say different . I felt like i was at an after party for a soccer game , and the game was Mexico vs . Mexico
Les prix sont un peu chers par rapport à la qualité . Mais sinon l ' ambiance est bonne .
Portions are generous . Lunch special on weekdays is only 6 . 75 . Pretty good deal for a college student .
The fish tacos are tiny . The atmosphere is good and the service is good . Nothing else to say in this review .
Good food , but inaccurate wait time and they need all their space for patrons ( too small for live music , use the space to serve food ! ) .
Went in to have the Buffet , and ended up getting the Hot Pot ! WOW what a treat . Fair price , Fair service .
Mediocre drinks , but I guess it ' ll do for a tapioca fix . People taking orders are friendly but need to listen when taking drink orders .
Generally it ' s very good . I ordered veal marsala . The source is very tastey . I just wish the veal can be a bit softer . Will definitely come again and try other options
Sushi is standard , service is poor , and forgive me but what self respective sushi restaurant doesn ' t sell kirin ichiban beer ? Answer . . . this place .
It ' s ok . Nothing spectacular . If you ' re looking for Red Chili specifically make the drive to Carolinas .
Really good , but very expensive . Not sure Indian food should be $ 25 a plate . Or sushi for $ 15 . I guess it is Vegas .
I wasn ' t very impressed with the food . Service was friendly . Other reviews have summed it up pretty well . Decent , reasonable , nothing exceptional . Standard Mex , yo .
A good place to hang out during bear karaoke . Expect to find all your Growlr contacts there . Good crowd and bartenders , a fun atmosphere overall , but the smoke is overwhelming and super intense .
This place is reliable for quality , service and busy - ness . It ' s comfortable to have young kids here too
We found a chair on there web site for a great price , well it wasn ' t the price in the store , but they did match it .
Service good . Steak perfect . Unfortunately Found sands in salad , still after change . What happened in the kitchen ?
I like that Antonia at the register doesn ' t mess around and just fixes problems . The hipster dude next to her was entertaining too . The rest of them . . . . ?
I guess I just felt like having expensive ice cream for some reason and I stopped in here . The service was okay but it took unusually long to make my order .
Another great outdoor place to window shop in Scottsdale . If you ' re looking for good deals or sales , skip every place in Scottsdale .
Went there several times for buffet . They only have maybe 10 selections of fried dishes and some desserts that look old . Haven ' t tried anythin else there .
This is a good bar in a great location inside the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino . Service was excellent and the drinks just right .
This location is now closed .
This was an alright place for me . Simple and quick ! Still trying to find more udon places : - )
Service was good and the food above average . Lots of tv ' s to watch sports . The waitresses were friendly , shorts and halters . More of an adult place .
Great drinks ( frozen cosmos ! ! ) but the food and service leaves something to be desired . Try the Sunday brunch !
I drove by there yesterday and there is a new sign on the building they renamed it Plaka
If you ' re looking for real Hawaiian food this prob isn ' t your best bet . They have local Hawaiian favorites like loco moco but not laulau kine . Eh was alright .
Nice music , great location .
Lunch now is cutting down on chips . Handly enough for the small side of queso . Burrito is still solid
Their Korean wing flavors are decent . Food quality and portions sizes aren ' t exceptional , but it ' s completely fine for bar food .
Place is a lot of fun , it ' s always extremely packed ! I don ' t think I ' ve ever seen it not extremely packed !
Wanted to like it but not tasty and not good value . Third star for the music in the back and the friendly people .
My normal honey - do list pick up spot if my local Ace HW doesn ' t have what I need . Can be a pain finding someone to load heavy items onto cart inside store , though .
The food is delicious and has fantastic reimaginings of common dishes , but the service is poor . I would come here more often if it wasn ' t so slow ! ) :
Cheap eats . Some times they can be hit or miss , depending on the day and location . Still think the original location is the best one .
Food is average here but just come here for the lobster seafood bisque in puff pastry ( extra $ 3 . 99 with any set meal ) ! Amazing !
It ' s Chipotle ? Who doesn ' t like Chipotle ? The place is clean , the line moves quickly , the service is always friendly , and guac .
Food quality are excellent but the waiting time are horrible even you had reserved a table . . they do not have enough staffs working in weekend . . .
Nothing really special or gourmet about this place . Everything was ok . Everything was just ok from the food to the service .
Hotel is run down / old . Employee at check - in was passive aggressive nice . The location is central to the strip and ok hotel for sleeping only .
Great service . But very pricy . I think the price is reflected on the chefs popularity rather than the foods quality . I ordered the NY steak and asked for medium . But it was well done
The waitress spilled a drink on our table but the food was good . Tacos are plentiful , beers were flowing and the porch is excellent .
Local spot close to home . Love the lobster ravioli . The little garlic knots are tasty to .
Great vibe . But experiences here are inconsistent . Sometimes the size of the cake slices are large and sometimes ridiculously small . Great for group gatherings or for general catch up .
I don ' t fly AA a lot , not preferable airlines , this time they have fast and friendly service , though the plane itself has old interior and apparently lack of maintenance .
Just okay food - ordered vegetable pho which was practically flavorless . The oxtail fried rice was just okay but didn ' t taste freshly made . The belly buns were a bit dry and stale .
I love trader joes . This location is close and has great selections . Not as vegan friendly as others but had great options for gluten free . Great given the location and the speed of the employees !
We usually eat here when we ' re in town . Overall Mastro ' s is a very good restaurant but this time the service was lacking and the scallops were way under cooked .
Not a bad breakfast . Not impressed with the garlic bread on the hot dog bun with a barely any cheese on it . I ' m not sure if I ' d return .
love the patio , every summer weekend , beers with some buddies spend hours , usually after dinner then hit home .
Nice staff and services but nothing extraordinary here other than the pricing , which is unbelievably high . Double check what your insurance will allow as this office is priced well above the norm .
Good food , but not better than my homemade . : ( Service : good Cleanliness : good Food : good I don ' t understand the hype .
Pricey . Quality is good . Just go to Fisherman ' s club house . Same food for cheaper price .
A great location , great decor , ok food with high prices and just average service . . . . use to love it but frankly , there are now many better choices .
Alright mani and pedis but very slow . Made an appointment and was made to wait for 20 minutes after appointment time . Pretty ridiculous !
Everything is cooked fresh even the buns . Burgers were good and fries were average . The staff is friendly .
If you ' re having trouble getting in someplace for lunch this place is huge so your chances are pretty good . Food is adequate as is the service .
Large portions , very good bbq sauce and good service it ' s just a bit pricey for lunch .
We ordered breakfast from here this morning through a food delivery service . The breakfast burrito was great but the pancakes were unfortunately delivered without butter or syrup . Wish we could have enjoyed our pancakes !
Service is great , the food is just OK but the prices is steep for the portions . Good variety of filipino food . Plus is the bakeshop .
Yummy food , great price , mediocre service . : ) Like the salsa bar .
Great service but the pho broth on the ( Sirion and Brisket ) had no taste very bland , first time eating her and for the price I ' d think twice about coming here
Good greasy spoon diner . I enjoyed their country fried steak . This is actually one of the better breakfast places in C - U .
Over priced for the greasy food . . . Very nice service by the waitresses hence the 3 star rating
The food is delicious . Best Pho in the city . I ' ve been coming to this restaurant for over 15 years . Prepare your self for no service what so ever .
The food and service are good but the wait for food has been incredibly long both times I have been here . Don ' t go in starving after church .
Nice to see everything in one place that I could feel and touch . But be careful . No refunds
The waffle desserts are less than average . Decor is nice but it ' s not cool to charge for every board game .
Good food but the painfully slow service ruined the experience . Will not invest the time for a return visit . Not recommended .
Great entertainment but food was a little bland for my taste . I had the New York strip , I do recommend you try it out and judge for your self .
Fajitas has the best chips and salsa in Phoenix . They are fast , fresh , & delicious . I love to stop in and relax after a long day at my dentist office .
Pizza was good , not great . Wings were terrible . We got through 2 and tossed them . The price is high and definitely not worth it .
Cajun ? And Italian ? Together ? Sweet place with history but I ' ve just ingested my sodium maximum for the year . Jambalaya and beignets are fun if you are missing NOLA .
The service seemed rather distracted with other things we waited a bit but was definitely worth the wait food was delicious all of the food was so good ! ! !
It ' s pretty good just needs a little ' facelift " people were nice I ' ll go back anytime when I feel like eating Korean food
Usually stop here daily most of the workers are very friendly and gas prices are usually the cheapest in the area !
Stopped by a couple months back , food and beer are good but no way worth what they charge . You just get nothing for your money .
Typical pub food . . . not disappointing at all . . . nothing different or unusual . . . decent beer selection . . . walking distance to the arena .
it ' s a tim ' s . I ordered a bottle of water . It ' s in the middle of nowhere .
The sushi rolls are really good here . The service is extremely slow . No one was in the restaurant and it took forever to get our food . The ramen was okay but not my favorite .
Awesome , caring , hilarious doctor + awful reception / customer service = found new doctor with more competent and friendly staff : (
Pretty good place . Fun atmosphere . Good food . Good location if you ' re headed to arena or baseball game .
Buffet is ok . . But somehow the food taste isnt consistent all the time . . An excellent appetizer will be a good addition to the buffet menu , just a suggestion
Smoothie was good , service was better than reviews !
Mediocre , over - dressed salad with wilted lettuce . Had very high hopes for this place , but was not impressed .
I don ' t shop here for quality . I shop here for $ 15 faux UGG - like boots . It ' s cheap . I don ' t need it to last forever . * score *
DELICIOUS ! ! ! A bit pricey 3 stars because the waitress was so unprofessional and rude . She didn ' t even say anything to us just grabbed the menus and sent us to a table .
The carne asada burrito was pretty good . I didnt go to the place since it was brought too me , but it doesn ' t really seem that bad .
Decent enough but not someplace I ' m going to frequent on a regular basis .
Yes , it does smell like sewer . First time here and the food was good . I don ' t think I ' ll be back again . Maybe Panda down the road .
I eat here often . The food is always amazing , I love the crispy shrimp and ALL the soups . Service is probably the best in town . The food is always constantly fresh and perfectly seasoned !
Good food . Have some of the crazy cheese for an appetizer . Getting the check took a while , but otherwise service was ok .
Pros : steak is perfect Fountains Atmosphere Cons : Condescending waiters Failure to take drink orders Overpriced - go to carnevino ' s at palazzo for a better meal at a better price
Great vietnamese food . Servers are very helpful and supportive of what kind of experience you want to get from their restaurant .
This is my first experience with East Indian food . The price is hard to argue with . The selection of foods is pretty limited but also pretty tasty . I liked it .
Ok so my son and I ordered pizza and wings from here the other night , the wings where all burnt and tasted funny , the pizza was ok nothing special .
Nice little breakfast and lunch neighborhood spot with friendly service . We enjoyed the Monte Cristo with sweet potato tater tots and a chicken salad .
Really pricey for what it is . The food is good , but not great . Probably better off going to a mom and pop pasta shop off the strip
Ok , the Bagel Dogs were a bit disappointing ( see pik ) , think I ' ll stick with the lox sandwiches and bagels ( without the dogs ) .
This place sounds great . Located in the heart of the theater disturb of Pittsburgh . Awesome pork belly . But am surprised it is not busier . My guess . Service
Right on bovaird , location is convenient . We tried twice but we ' re not convinced with the taste of food ! Breads were good but gravies needs attention !
I rate this place with 3 stars just because they only have two different sauces . The chicken strips and the soft fresh bread was great .
Nothing that memorable . Decent , but impersonal service . Forced 18 % tip for 4 or more . Sushi was alright , menus are somewhat hard to choose from .
Who doesn ' t like a good diner ? this place is old school , good food , friendly people .
Being from San Diego , I know good seafood and this place was definitely not worth it for the price we paid ! Nice decor but won ' t be back . .
Not too bad , good place to eat some authentic Chinese food . Service is not always the best , but you have to do with it .
I usually love Chiplote , but this may not be their best location . They were out of chicken for a while , the Queso was horrible but it was my first time having Chiplote Queso
Good place for happy hour - the bar is fun and they have great happy hour specials . The restaurant is pretty old school as far as it appearance but the food is good .
Crab cakes were good . The breading was a bit tough . Collards , hush puppies , & Mac n cheese were delicious . Huge menus with great selection . Plenty of tables . They cater .
So this is the much hyped ( trendy ) coffee shop ? I don ' t get it . My latte was marginal at best and I sensed nothing cool here . Lux has nothing to worry about .
Only came for 3 songs of ' extreme karaoke ' DJ OMG - well a star is deserved just for the name 3 songs was enough
What a cool , retro vibe ! I loved all the pink and the Family Circus cartoons ! Only had a rootbeer float to cool off before walking back to my car , but it was quite tasty !
Overpriced for the quality . Had trout with almonds , sea bass . Sea bass was excellent . Bread was like it was meant for dogs for teething - dry and hardened .
They served us potato wedges and called them canoe potatoes . Food was tasty but too expensive . Owner made us fresh cookies . That was charming .
Yup , it ' s a Starbucks . Good coffee and very friendly service . Would give it 31 / 2 stars for the personable staff . : - )
Masa Sushi was typical when it came to their sashimi platter . I wanted them to Wow me , but they succumbed to the usual boring fish ! We won ' t be back .
The biryani is really good . The service takes quite long . I recommend placing your order before you get there so it ' ll be ready . The restaurant looked very clean .
It ' s an okay steakhouse . . . there is nothing that stand out . the only thing different from every steak house I have been to is they serve three crapcakes as oppose to two
Surprisingly , I didn ' t see OUT OF ORDER signs on any machines . But the cost of playing kept my visit short .
Great lunch spot for unique , tasty sandwiches using ordinary ingredients . You get to choose from a bajillion different bread slices . They have some awesome soups too ! ! ! yum !
The water sometimes tastes funny . The fries are natural fresh cut fries . They are delicious . The chicken philly is good . I ' d come back .
Good pasta , courteous staff . Pretty empty the night we went , lacking ambiance .
I really miss Gallo Blanco , and Otro is a decent alternative . I really hope that Gallo opens back up somewhere else , only because I miss the feeling of the old place .
Good Starbucks with a nice staff . My only complaint is that they have really limited parking and it ' s a hassle to try and exit in your car .
The food is pretty decent . But its more of a fusion place than authentically all Thai food .
Grandson loves the large burgers but I won , t go there unless we have a 2 for 1 coupon which they seem to publish often .
I had the beer cheese Burger with Parmesan truffle fries . The burger was a decent burger and very messy . Good beer and bar food especially for a brewery .
Not busy but waited 20 minutes for our order . They were just talking a lot - then got both orders wrong . These two wrong orders taste decent so - 3 stars .
Too costly for a drink filled with strawberries and whipped cream More variety is needed Seating is cute
They gave us a specialty pizza on regular bread instead of tomato basil , charged the same price , as well as it being black burnt on the bottom . Disappointed .
It ' s ok . Not the best . Not the worst . Friendly staff . Inexpensive . Crispy , thin crust was good .
Food was just ok . Our server , Cory did an excellent job making sure we were satisfied with our meal ! Would return just for his great customer service !
Good pancakes . Eggs and breakfast burrito I would say are just ok . Not sure why all the rave reviews .
Okay , I ' ll give one star back . They seem to have stabilized on their recent menu shortage issues , however their prices are now much higher than before .
Our pizza was charred ( no pun intended ) . Aside from the burned crust , the flavors were good . We also had great salads . For what we got , it seems a little overpriced .
Good sized portions . Way overpriced . Confusing ordering process . Not my kind of place , but some of you hippie folk will love it .
had the lobster pho . . . eh , it was ok . if i wasn ' t expensing it i don ' t think i would have paid $ 50 for a bowl of pho .
The ice cream sandwiches here have good soft cookies and the bread - pudding type of pastry is delicious , but I have been here a few times now and the customer service has been consistently bad .
Lunch specials are great and well priced . Other than that though , the rest of the food is not as great . Dumplings were extremely disappointing .
My car looks great ! Staff was friendly & made sure to scrub any nasty spots off after my car came out of the wash ! I will go back .
The pick up locations were not clear . However , the tour guide Bill is friendly and knowledgeable .
Wanted to check what all the buzz was about . There was an hour and a half wait time . Got the almond croissants . It was normal . I have had better ones .
Great location . Food is consistent . For the money not bad . I will come back to this place . Love that they never skimp out on the cheese . Would recommend to others .
The food was standard Don Tortaco food . The dinning room needs repairs for sure . There wasn ' t one table that wasn ' t broken . All the chairs were in need repairs as well .
I purchased the smores and pecan popcorn both were very good . I tried samples of the white cheddar and regular cheddar and was disappointed , would rather have smartfood popcorn .
The staff is very friendly . The food was decent . There were too many flies at the table to want to return .
Who needs a dealer that speaks English when everything is so cheap ? This place can be a blast if you go with a big enough group .
Food came out at different times . Food was okay nothing outstanding . Would i go again ? Probably not I have had better china food nearby this place thats cheaper and the customer service is way better .
Perfect for solid cheap drinks .
Great bagels . . . . and super yummy coffee . The men ' s bathroom is horrible however and needs to be redone . Seen better bathrooms in freeway rest stops .
Dirty . A regular spot for us however tonight we noticed it was very dirty . Our booth was nasty as well as the wall and window . Food was good .
Fun place to end the night after Mill ! Also have some great beergaritas !
I just wish the flights would leave on time !
自从去过vaughan mill mall的dsw后，觉得d鞋好集中，款又多。后来去eglinton and warden的winners先留意到，原来呢度都有间，近好多，又多车位。唔需要去vaughan甘远。平时比较清静，场地大，咩类别的鞋款都有。真系点睇点试都得，不过感觉上无vaughan分店甘多款
Pretty huge noisy place . We had a fantastic waiter , don ' t remember his name . The food was okay . . nothing to write home about . .
This old navy is never busy and has a decent selection . . . very nice , helpful employees
i bought some take out . one of their daily special . food quantity was good , however we checked the buffet prices and they were outrages , buffet quality did not look good either .
Good free apitizer , and local whiskey . I like the no smoke and food here . Well done locally owned venue .
This is a perfect spot for hangover food especially if you stay at the Cosmo . Good food , big portions , great service , it ' s a win win . Not pricey at all .
Really decent breakfast and decent prices , the service was outstanding ! I definitely want to come back for lunch or dinner . Our meals were ready quickly . Nice diner type food place .
Food flavors are nice , but I think the food sits all day and gets sent out after being microwaved .
service was excellent . food was just ok . we got the chicken and waffles and burger . would not order either again .
Good Quality , Good Service , Affordable Prices , Great Selection for American Comfort Food . Not bad prime rib either . more later . . .
Pretty good prices . General brands , nothing with a name . Probably a step down from Ross .
The Bacon burger was dry and I got no refills ! The waitress was good but not very atitive .
Ever since my first Honey Pig in California I ' ve been dying to eat there again . Unfortunately this is in no way related to that small chain . For Korean BBQ it ' s just ok .
Went there during the week at 7ish , nice waitress food is solid , If you don ' t feel like heading down the street to the strip then this place is a good choice .
This is the only restaurant in Phoenix where I find so many options for vegetarians but taste of food isn ' t that great .
Always good service pretty fast great coffee far better than sunset grill for about the same price
Was happy to see they added broasted chicken to the menu ,
Good food . They were a tad slow considering we were the only 2 people there . Cool concept . Kinda like subway for pita sandwiches .
The food and ambiance were good but for the price it ' s a little much . Smoke in lawrencville has tacos twice the size for a better price ! Little over hyped if you ask me !
Recently went here and the owner was real nice but his estimate system was down . He apologized and recommended a different place .
Nice location . Typical Hooter ' s atmosphere and food . Clean and friendly .
Food is excellent but staff are very new and confused . They offered me to " try " their nan bread but they charged me for it and refused to return it !
food was just okay . they . do have some creative food like special coffee or cheesecake
More for older crowd , singer were more for 40 plus ppl . Wish there were current singers , maybe like Brittany spears
The place was really not that busy but the service sucked anyway , i would recommend ordering a pitcher to keep your glass full . . try going some where else , this place l sucks
The food is always good but the service is slow . Nice people just slow . I had the double burger and it was very filling .
Had the roast pork and duck on rice . Value was great , tons of food at a great price , although I did find the meat a little fattier than I ' d prefer .
Slow slow slow service even when they aren ' t busy . They were wrong for giving me and my children those cold corn dogs on 50 cent corn dog day . But my milkshake was really good !
Ignacio likes this place for Menudo usually a couple times every month .
I really like the gym and equipment but very intimidating to have to get a trainer which is very expensive and defeats the cheap membership
We tried several flavors of hand pies . The lemon cream was bitter . Chocolate was ok . Very nice owner . - friendly . Better for take out - not much atmosphere for eat in .
I got a chicken sandwich with avocados & wasn ' t really impressed . Our server was slow & forgetful too .
Our kids love this place , lot ' s of activities and clean . Disappointed that food is expensive and took well over an hour for our food to arrive .
Received some coupons in the mail for DD . I usually do not come here . I had the best frozen pumpkin coffee drink !
Corned beef and pastrami are some of the worst I ' ve had in Cleveland . Every gas station in the city uses better corned beef .
American made value priced clothing . The staff at this location were friendly and welcoming
It was ok ordered the chicken flautas didn ' t care for them . I ' ll try ordering something else next time .
Food is alright but the staff always seem like there in a bad mood .
Food is okay . Nothing special . Over priced . No real talent in the kitchen . Trying to be something they aren ' t .
A good place for some fast Mediterranean style food .
I ' ve bought meat here a number of times . Pretty good stuff . I would shop there again although its a bit on the higher price range .
Update - - went back here and got the lamb ( # 2 I think ) and it was just okay . . . stick to the vegetarian sampler platter .
I just wish they had something glutton free that would taste as good as all their other stuff . I want to just sit down and cry that I can ' t have dessert here !
Food was fantastic with authentic taste however service was terrible . . . . . I recommend the beef vindaloo . .
The ordering process is pure chaos . Food ' s good , place is clean , people are polite . If they could just fix the ordering process . I ' d rate it higher .
Better than moes , but worse than chipotle . Think of it as a chipotle will queso . Went pretty late so the ingredients didn ' t taste very fresh .
Stopped for lunch , food was good however service was extremely slow . Our server openly complained that she had too many tables .
Had the parmesan garlic and teriyaki wings and they were really good . A nice and clean wing joint . Just don ' t be in a hurry , takes awhile to get your food .
was pretty quick and friendly service but did poorly on my eyebrows ; won ' t be coming back
I ate steak and eggs . $ 3 . 99 Be sure to ask for butter on the side if you ' re careful about your heart .
Staff was nice . Food wasn ' t all that great . Their chicken tenders were good as expected . The fried green tomatoes was not so tasty . The batch of asparagus was 5 / 50
Three stars because it ' s not good or bad . Pretty standard . Getting our food the Saturday we were there took longer than I would have liked , but no real complaints .
Went labor weekend and it was ok , but not the greats from the strip . But pet friendly
Service was fast . Tea is good . French fries are good . Bbq - not so good . Will try something else to see if I change my opinion .
Went here after being disappointed with Rosie ' s and was very pleased with cinnamon roll and wonderful customer service at counter , thank you .
Simple . Fast . In expensive and easy . Located around the back of Shaker Heights . It was a - ok .
Cool looking place with an interesting menu . . but slowwwww , unattentive service . . so many other choices nearby , consider somewhere else if you ' re on even a shred of a schedule .
Pretty standard in every way . Standard beer , standard bar food BUT they do have jenga sets that you can play with at your table ? That ' s about it .
Like most franchise fast food , who makes your food makes all the difference . This location is usually okay .
Good subs . A little more variety than jimmy johns and a change from subway . Is open till 3 am so can be a good alternative to some of the crowded late night places .
Nourriture de très bonne qualité mais portion assez petite pour des prix assez cher . Dommage car le lieu est sympathique et chaleureux
Smoothie was good . Cashier super unfriendly . It was our only option at the time or we would have gone elsewhere .
Great diner to eat at - recommend if you are going to the Sony Centre .
I ' ve stopped here a few times now . Not much on a regular basis . Subway makes an OK sandwich . The staff here has always been friendly and efficient .
Bad management . After a concert on a Friday night they close at 10 . Really ? Who set this up ? Ridiculous ! !
Other than the three hour wait for a table , lack of space , noisy environment . ; the burgers weren ' t the best . Not worth the wait .
Chicken in the Satay and the Curry was overcooked and hard . . . servers were rude . Average at best .
Watch for a living social / groupon voucher available for this place . - 2 frozen drinks , 2 salads & 2 entrees .
Came in for lunch on a recommendation . Great ambiance , friendly staff BUT unfortunately , the food was not so good . I had the chimichanga and it was not so great . . .
Field expert Dzevad came out today when I had just called for a last minute appointment yesterday . He was very friendly and knowledgeable . Hopefully no more scorpions come back
I do like the food here . Big bonus is that they are open 24 / 7 over the weekend . I ordered the chicken chimichanga combo . It was good . I will revisit again soon .
The food is good it just takes too long to receive it . Waited 10 minutes before my drink came and I had to remind the waitress that I had ordered Horchata . 3 stars based on wait time
Small TVs . Big wings . Turned off heat during Super Bowl .
Place is ok . Prices are high of course . Recommended if waiting for your flight and better than most joints around
Had a few issues and only ordered 2 salads . He managed stepped in and fixed everything . I would return but would stick to breakfast / dessert for a location like this .
Much higher prices than my previous A / C provider . But they did a great job getting the system ready for summer . Had no problems since they did the maintenance .
Eh . Overpriced mediocre food . Over cooked calamari , pigs in a blanket were not impressive . The brunch buffet may be promising , but wouldn ' t go back for lunch .
Ok , food looks real good but didnt eat , drinks were made well
Food was delish HOWEVER my table was asked to hurry up andpay and leave because they need the table . A couple of us were still eating ! Not cool ! ! ! Owner was super friendly .
Nice to bring ur boo then turn up . . . great menu Great atmosphere so check this place out my yelpers . . . .
El panini estuvo bueno pero en relación al costo - beneficio esperaba algo más , la verdad me lo pude haber ahorrado .
Consistently good Mexican food in downtown Phoenix ! The service is friendly and quick and the food is pretty good .
A walgreens by any other name would still be walgreens . peolple are nice and fun to mess with but then again I just like messing with people for fun . And they can handle a joke there !
Unfortunately , not the best meal . The pork chops were thin and bland tasting . My wife had the baked spaghetti which was soupy .
food : good for the area . price : eh service : good I ' m not a big fan of Indian food so I can ' t say much .
Been here a few times , it ' s not bad . Decent delivery . Certain menu items they should drop , but it ' s not the fault of this store .
A lot of grease and no flavor And I found dirt on my watermelon Point is you get what you pay for
Typical pricey steakhouse but didn ' t wow me . Steak and food were mediocre there are better places in the city when your spending that kind of $ .
Super dirty college kid food ! Bar like atmosphere , I found a hair in my food and my meal was free but what can you really expect from a college kid hangout
Had the pork burrito , the flavors were nice but the pork itself was not tender and also bit into some grisly fatty pieces 2 times .
The food in the restaurant was good . Service was lacking . The kids loved the arcade . The bar scene and stage area were nice . Can get a bit loud in the evenings .
It ' s an Olive Garden . As long as the salad , bread sticks & staff are all good . I ' m happy .
Good food and wait staff at Hemispheres at the Sheraton . I enjoyed their Ahi tuna with a few samples of favorites from Great Lakes Brewing .
Great yogurt , a little pricey but still good . Nice choices of toppings and yogurts . \ I liked it a lot . They also had tapioca balls too = )
Very good customer service and the races were cool , very expensive though . . . : ( It wasn ' t busy at all on a Sunday afternoon . . .
Billing department is a disaster . 45 minute - 1 hr + hold times before getting a representative . Disconnected when transferred .
Power wraps are getting smaller by the day . Not happy with the size they keep on getting smaller and smaller . Other than that I am happy with the service .
Si seulement le service et le sourire des commis derrière le comptoir etait équivalent à la qualité de la nourriture on y retournerait .
Cash only and rather unpleasant servers . The food is decent diner food and the parking is ample . Don ' t forget it ' s cash only .
i hope the replacement becomes a real grocery store with competitively - priced items . i will miss their yummy sandwiches and salads !
The first few times I went there it was really good but I went there today and my Pita was half the size that it normally is for $ 8 I don ' t think so
Food was really nice except for some scalloped potatoes that arrived cold . Attentive waitress ( who was unfortunately busy with the large crowd ) and a nice selection of interesting food .
The food tasted good , however the messed up my husbands order and took a unnecessary long time to fix it . Everything felt rushed and not put together . It sadly did not hold up to my expectations
Clean , nice staff . Variety of pizza choices . They have a pupusa style pizza . ( Loroco y queso ) Oh hell yeah , that ' s cool !
The price is higher than other lunch buffets . Figure $ 11 with tip . There is variety but flavor wise it didn ' t knock me over .
Well , they addressed my concerns rather quickly after I posted on their facebook wall , so now it ' s back to 3 stars ?
Really wanted to try it but 5 : 15 on a Thursday couldn ' t find parking spot . Some gobber was taking 2 spots in your parking lot .
Got the tonkotsu black ( has garlic oil ) with thin noodles . It was okay good . I find the Dundas location to be tastier , although this location tends to stay open later .
tried Jack ' s spicy chicken burger and chicken nuggets . burger was good but fries were cooked in very stinking oil .
This store is okay , just pretty disorganized and understaffed . I ' d highly recommend going to the 7th ave and Osborn location instead .
The crab cakes and Jamaican chicken wings weren ' t good . The lobster shrimp quesadilla was really good . The mojito is stellar and the martini was underwhelming .
Not quite what we expected , especially for the prices . The milkshakes were excellent though .
Great place to hangout , drink a few beers and have a good meal at a good price . Wish they had more live music , but when they do it is always good .
Nice waffles , but slightly mass produced . Better than a chain but not as good as other options .
Food was tasty but we were a tad disappointed that the pretzel & fondue were not available and they were also out of a couple of beer selections but service was very good and timely !
" The food was good not great and a lil over priced ! ! The best part about our dinner was the aquarium ! ! "
Ok spot for cheap gambling and a better place to wait for the bus ! There is also a little convenience store area to the side with high prices that match others on the strip .
This place is always busy , service is a little slow at the bar but the pool tables are worth the visit . If the bar tender has time , she might let you order a drink .
3 . 5 stars , finally a good Chinese restaurant on the East side ! Love the dinner combinations since they come with a excellent egg roll , angel puff , fried shrimp and choice of rice .
This place gets very crowded . Specially during their buffet hours . I think it ' s one of the smallest ppp I ' ve been to . My kids love the carousel though .
One of the better airport experiences I have had . It was quick and easy to get in and out of . Great restaurants and friendly people .
the concert was fantastic . tesla , reo , & def leppard ! the not great part was a 3 inch scorpion at our feet ! hire some pest control . people could have allergic reaction !
