I ' ve been to Akahana a few times and I loved each time . You can ' t beat sushi and going next door to Rita ' s for frozen custard .
Food was good ! Never had Cambodian food before but it was good for my taste ( a little bit salty tho ) . . But overall I would recommend this place : )
Bacon cakes were amazing as was the bacon . Great coffee . Nice find ! Great for breakfast . Friendly staff .
We ate The Fairmount at Cleveland Scene Magazine ' s FLAVOR party . The lobster Mac and Cheese was delicious . Their fresh House made Ginger Beer with alcohol was fabulous .
The service is good and would Just would like more space for seating . Since it ' s often busy , But other wise its friendly service and I ' d recommend it !
Healthy , fast and delicious . Would like to have some local crusty bread instead of pita offered . 21 different salad dressings made from scratch daily !
Excellent wine selection , food and service . I really enjoy the environment , very chic place . Reasonable prices . If you go , you have to try the spinach and Brie pizza .
Food was delicious , all enjoyed the night out . Our server was not all that personable and could have checked on us more frequently , hence the 4 stars vs 5 .
It was very good . I had the miso soup , field green salad and the ocean roll ; delish ! I will definitely be going back to try something else .
Can ' t go wrong world rounded as they have a Mexican restauran as well to suite your needs
My daughter and I had breakfast here first time . this place is spectacular great French food I love it definitely coming back !
They are always friendly when I go in they always show me the pizza before I leave to make sure it ' s right and the pizza is always hot
This was my first time here and was impressed ! Excellent selection on the menu and the food was excellent ! ! Had the Orchard omelet , it was yummmmmmy ! Definitely will be back
We sat in the tree house ; very cool atmosphere although the mall brought it down a bit . Food was very good as was the service . A notch below the SW steakhouse .
Good place if you are craving yakitori . They have mostly chicken though . The grilled makeral is tasty . Large selection in general .
The best service , bartenders are the nicest women . Had a great meal at the bar . Amazing
Really good food . HUGE portions is a understatement . My wife and I each ordered a meal and had enough food for 3 meals .
Beef stew noodle soup 4 stars Garlic Chicken and Rice 5 stars Beef stir fried rice noodles 4 stars Place reminded me of a places in LA .
Their happy hour is awesome the prices are wonderful for this area . Food is great anyone going will be very happy they also have happy hour for drinks as well as their sushi rolls take advantage of both
Very solid place for Sushi , all the rolls are big and tasty ! All the fish and meat in teriyaki sauce are good . Solid service and its not packed for lunch .
Pedicure and gel manicure . The manicure was OK . The pedicure was very nice . Worth the money
Our family loves this place ! And they deliver ! Dining in the service is always super fast and the food is always very tasty ! We are so happy to have found good Chinese in Gilbert !
As the name suggests they have great biscuits and great breakfasts I had the omelet and my wife had the eggs Benedict they were great , only compliant is its a bit oily
Really beautiful place . Came here for a staff Christmas dinner in December and the decorations were stunning . The food and the service were also very good . Overall good experience and they easily accommodate big groups .
really good food . . . just gotta make sure u ' r charged correctly , not that they overcharge but bill just appeared to b confusing
Good food . Attentive and friendly server and super accommodating for the kids ! We find that the specials are sometimes smaller portions than expected but the regular menu is great .
It ' s good sandwiches but they won ' t change your life . I think its a Montreal institution and the garden is cute .
One cupcake was really good , the other was not . It ' s very hit or miss here . It ' s really the frosting that makes some cupcakes bad .
I do not frequent Ethiopian restaurants but when I come to Charlotte I always eat here .
Had brunch on Saturday . Was good overall . Might be a little pricey for the area but good food and nice atmosphere .
They have an okay service need more than one people working there . They take too long , but they are nice employees
What a great place to bring your date ! Their desserts are very good after a nice hearty meal from any of the many restaurants on St . Catherine . Their crepes and fondue are simply decadent !
Great atmostphere ! great bar food ! if you get the chicken wings ask for extra wing sauce .
Awesome place to stay if you have kids . We got the 3 bs penthouse and it was fabulous . Totally recommend this place . Pools are clean and in a great location .
Seems to be always understaffed and a long wait . Only one person serving food and a long line today made it even worse than before .
Great produce , decent prices . I love to support local when its worth it .
Thank you for offering a vegan item . I hope to see more vegan variety in the future from Joe ' s Farm Grill .
Engineering took care of broken A / C in record time without waking up kids at 11 : 30 pm . Clean Hotel / Casino , security checks pool area frequently too .
I have made 2 visits to this restaurant . Tess the owner could not be any nicer . Love the Pancit and the bakery items are fantastic . Restaurant is very clean .
Great views and ambiance . Wonderful service . So so food . The eggs benedict was overcooked and the quiche was bland .
Really healthy , fresh , and affordable . They also give ASU students a discount . All smoothies are delicious and the food is very good .
Chef was very entertaining . We had a great time and will stop here when we get to Madison again .
Very cool decor . . . great bbq . . had pork dinner . . brunswick stew , and fries . Hushpuppies were really good as well . Beer selection lacking .
Ate hear again Recommend anything green chilie pork here Burrito is best value Fish tacos are insane too Free Jalapeño salsa - got extra for my eggs all week
This is very convenient place for me to find good water . The service is good and the place has all the supplies that you need to set up your own water distribution within your own home .
This is my second time visiting Potbelly . Both times I ' ve great service and delicious sandwiches . I like that they toast their subs . Can ' t wait to go back !
Filet mignon and service was excellent ! !
The best Korean food I had in Toronto . I ordered kimchi rice balls and rice cake & ramen with vegetables .
Ordered late - night delivery and got my wings super quick . I like honey mustard and buffalo the best . . . mac bites are legit too . Definitely will order from here again
Outta all there locations I ' ve tried this one is prob the best . I love the burrito bowl and the chips !
Love coming here . Great view and the bartender Christian is awesome , very friendly and helpful . We live in the neighborhood and would love to see them get some music in the evenings on the weekend .
This is the place I go to for sushi . It gets really busy here and sometimes they forget to bring your order . But friendly , clean , and modern environment .
Excellent weekend brunch ! i will go back whenever I can . Delicious healthy food , Nice staff now and good selection of items .
Very good pizza but also very expensive . Not sure this would be a regular pizza stop because of that . Friendly people .
Brought in a steel slightly bent wheel and they fixed it in 10 minutes . They are professional and I ' d recommend them for all your wheel and hub cap needs .
Update - I stopped in here again recently , it this location really seems to have turned around . Donuts were stocked , coffee was good , and staff seemed to have improved a lot .
Have been dropping in for lunch . Tuesday they have fish tacos that are really good . Nice n casual .
Great place ! They never fail to take care of my needs , prices are not too bad either . The staff is friendly .
Hip atmosphere , eclectic mix of food . I had the cubanini and it was satisfying . I want to try the sushi next time .
Pretty , classy hotel . Nice dining options . Lovely pool with an adults area . The view from the room was of the parking garage though .
Excellent authentic Chinese and one of the best in Charlotte area ! Try the steamed flounder filet with ginger and scallions it is right out of Chinatown NY
Dinner Ambience : 4 / 5 Food : 4 / 5 Service : 3 . 5 / 5 ( Friendly ) Value : 3 / 5 Repeat : Likley
Loved the atmosphere . Everyone liked the food they had . I had salmon & it was yummy . Homemade fried okra was spot on . We will eat there again sometime .
I would always go in to get to go orders , today I decided to do the lunch buffet . So worth it .
A tip for people who are new to this place , if ordering the Brazilian cheese be very precise on the type you want to try .
Lors du happening Mtl , table d ' hote honnete , deco mur de brique et lumieres tamisées . Jolie place .
We ' ve always had great service and good here . The Buffalo Mac n cheese is really good and their cinnamon nacho dessert is AWESOME !
Food is really good , and good service also ! Their sushi is much better than most places in Brampton
Not bad ! Definitely reminds me of halo halo with the difference being that I actually like the stuff inside . Would like to try the boba next time !
Hubby & I came for dinner . Generous portions , & they were delicious . Service was top notch . The meal was leisurely paced which was exactly what we were looking for .
This is a good little hole in the wall . Best time is lunch time great food for a bargain price . I ' ll take this place over Panda Express any day !
I have myself believing that a tsoynami is not bad for me . Please do not feel obligated to comment otherwise . Anybody . Thanks .
First time trying after yoga and have to say the gyro and the falafel were excellent and staff was very friendly ! Definitely will be back .
Out of 5 : 3 . 5 - Croissant : delicate and airy 3 . 5 - Almond Croissant : crunch almonds , not overpowering light filling
The hot rice bowl with bulgogi was delicious . There was a lot of meat and the rice and veggies had good flavor .
Very good food and I return all the time . I had the beef fried rice and it was great . I only wish they delivered instead of just carry out .
Huge portions and cheap prices . Cash only but an ATM is inside . . . really ? The one star ding is for not accepting digital transactions .
Really tasty steak tacos ! A bit on the pricey side for 2 . The steak is chopped into small pieces and you won ' t need a toothpick afterwards ( BONUS ) : )
Loe the local artists they have who have their work for sale . Nice place to pick up a gift for someone
Really great food ! Guilty pleasure of mine ! Really wish they had vegan waffles or vegan option though !
One of our go to places when in Vegas . Food was great , service excellent as always
Came here for lunch and got their chicken sate . It was very good . Server and the rest of the staff were sweet .
Nice selection of unique toys beats big box boring stuff ! And FREE GIFT WRAPPING ! REASONABLE RATES ! ! !
Love the chicken tortilla soup ( everyday ) and clam chowder on Friday ' s both delicious . Omelettes and their BLT awesome .
Love coming here great place to hang with friends ! ! Great food and drinks as well . Good place to watch games as well !
Hefty serving for the price . Got the lamb with pita with huge side salad . Fries were good too . Delicious !
The owner it ' s always friendly and food it ' s good . the fish filet with tofu it ' s very good and kungpoa chicken
Excellent chicken sandwich ! A little hard to find , but worth the effort . I ' ll be back to try other things .
Exellents sandwiches vietnamiens en plus de soupes . Mon preferé la soupe poulet curry . Petit comptoir et qq tables . Fermé les mardis .
friends of 7 out for dinner . Authentic north east Chinese food . Large portion to enjoy .
We had a astonishing evening as soon as connections who wanted to experience the delights . Beautiful food and excellent attentive encourage .
great food and atmosphere . i always have a good meal here and recently discovered they have brunch as well .
Its really good but some of their meats can be better like sirloin steak and beef teryiaki and ribs . Sushi is good , but some is not that great . Overall good .
This place was pretty good and price wasn ' t too bad I just wished I ordered more cause it was not greasy not really breaded . Enjoyed it .
This place has been around for many years in the Phoenix area . Interesting take on burgers . Tasty and juicy . A divey atmosphere but that is part of this places charm
We meet a couple of friends and it was the first time here for all of us . Excellent service and the portions are perfect . A nice place for a great meal .
my spot ! service is good , drinks are good , green chili burger is yummy ! plenty of screens of course , walking distance to my house so , perfect .
very good Szechuan style restaurant . You will love it if you like spicy food .
Went there of recommendations from yelp . Food was very good . Place is crazy busy ! ! . Love the little shop inside the restaurant .
Very good rice noodle , traditional food with perfect spicy soup . Even can be paid by Alipay or Wechat !
Everything is so yummy but the price is a just little bit expensive . It does not have a lot of seatings .
Best Pizza place in Avondale ! Would have got 5 but they are kinda pricy in my opinion . No delivery either . Staff is friendly .
The owner contacted me after posting my review to fix the problem with my purchase . I ' ll give them another shot when i need to restock on some items .
Great drinks , tasty food , good atmosphere , fun servers ( easy on the eyes too ) , and sweet indoor / outdoor feel . I ' d go again next time I ' m in town .
I picked this place based on yelp and a Local feel . Grouper was Excellent ! Brussels sprout yum . Great service and most impressed with Creative inside - Built in a strip mall . Would repeat
Great dining experience , very welcoming , and even better food !
Perfect little greasy spoon breakfast diner ! 2 people ate for under $ 15 . Restaurant is clean and service friendly ; no waiting at 10 : 00 on Sunday morning . Coffee isn ' t great
Darn good Pho !
Nice neighborhood spot . Everyone ' s chilling on the patio or the bar . The drinks are great and I ' d definitely come back . .
Absolutely love this place . Been coming here for years . Always happy with the outcome . Fresh seafood and the staff is always on point .
Still great pizza and wings . Loved that I can order off Yelp and pay too . Go there , walk in , get food , and be on my way .
I ordered the chili rellenos , it was very good and a cute presentation served in a skillet
Great food for only $ 4 . 95 ! Needless to say , the waiting time is a little long but worthy it . Great vibes !
Nice place , good atmosphere , good food and service . Overall a good place to visit and check out if you ' re in the mood for southwestern food .
Some of the best views from a golf course in the valley ! ! ! I will be playing this a few times a year and I only play about 8 - 10 times each year .
This place is amazing ! The hot bread and tapenade were delicious . Very cozy with a family feel .
This is hands down the best pizza in our area . Ppl that prefer dominos or papa johns to this dont know what real pizza is .
Good pizza , Italian sausage was my favorite topping here . Small no frills dining room , delivery is better .
We were in town on vacation and wanted a quiet night in , so we had our dinner delivered . It was great . The Pad Thai was really good and the coconut ice cream was delish !
Not bad went late and wasn ' t expecting much but was kind of shocked and really good definitely go back again
i really enjoy this pizza , not only becuase it ' s 24hrs and extremely reasonably priced , but it ' s just really good .
Always great food , great atmosphere and a rarity in Gastonia . Great place to meet for a drink as well .
Quick . . . Easy . . . Convenient . . . Just the way I like my men ( ha , joking of course )
Went to Patron ' s for lunch . It is your standard issue Mexican joint . Pretty good overall . Had the taco and enjoyed it .
Great food , excellent margaritas . Also , great views of the Bellagio fountains . Mediocre service
Above average Chinese fare . Bonus was $ 35 ( didn ' t order drinks , though ) for 5 people . Amazing value for money especially in d / t MTL .
Fabulous ambiance and even better food . Yummy little spot tucked away in a tree - shaded courtyard .
Really enjoyed the firecracker shrimp , the outdoor seating is very breezy and nice . The staff is very friendly and helpful would def come back again
Best place for late night food ! Pizzas were really good , bruschetta was pretty good and the service was great ! Everyone who worked there was really friendly : )
I love their chicken and cheese . There ' s just plenty of heat in the sauce but not so much that it overpowers the other flavours . The spicy wings are equally delicious .
This was a great show . So much more than I expected . He is so multitalented and a great showman . I would definitely recommend this show . Bring your kids they will love it .
Yummy burgers with delicious gluten free bun ! You can also buy a pack of house made gluten free buns ! ! Cool !
Recently started service with them . Average cost . Easy to contact . Responsive to my needs . We had lots of crickets and bugs and now we barely see any .
Decent sushi ( for the midwest ) and friendly staff . A little pricy though .
The classic place to buy bagels in Montreal
Holy Cleveland , the antipasto salad is huge ! Pizza slices waiting for you . The pizza is delicious . Tower City location is great . I am a fan !
Great food that comes out quickly and in huge portions . Service is just okay , last visit I was charged for a couple things I ordered but never reached the table and they only take cash here .
Best steak cascades I ever had . Chicken soup , and Flattened chicken were great ! Portions are MASSIVE but tastefully presented
Cleaner than most Asian supermarkets , very spacious , and great selection . There is even seating area by the hot food . I would recommend grocery shopping here .
Good atmosphere for a relaxed lounge night with the ladies . I am exploring the Charlotte area and I will be returning
Super entertaining and hilarious ! We randomly stumbled upon this show and had a great time . Laughter throughout and the actors did a fantastic job !
Excellent hot dogs . Colombian style . The only downfall is the wait , but well worth it ! Try this place !
Very relaxing pedicure with a friendly technician . Loved the orange scrub , hot towels and especially the hot stones . Great selection of OPI & China Glaze polishes ( among others ) . Reasonably priced .
The acai is very good , but the service and system they have cause the wait time to be a little to long . Minor fixes & this place could definitely be a 5 star
Great bloody Mary ' s ! Very quaint and everyone was very friendly . Did not have anything to eat but the place was busy for a Friday afternoon so food must be decent .
Went here for breakfast with a friend . Food was a bit on the pricy side but the quality was excellent . I will be going back whenever I ' m in the area .
Another great place to ride to ! ! Great food . Love the karaoke on Fridays , too ! !
Got my place cleaned and peta ann was great . She was slow but very meticulous . I ' ll use then again
Franchement rapport qualité / prix / emplacement top ! Et la pool party est top Demander une chambre en étage élevé avec vue sur la piscine
Great for on the goes burger n fries ! Great service n very professional , love that they have Häagen - Dazs chocolate shake , yum ! Food prepped great n fries come to table fresh n warm !
Another place open all night in planet hollywood . This place is almost always busy . From what I remember the food was decent . Good quick not so expensive food to eat .
its was ok , not the best in town ! hot and sour soup was great ! would not order the pad thai again . but it was better than pizza ! lol
Super agréable . Menu style tapas mais avec des mets japonais . Place parfaite pour être en amis . Faite des réservations la fds car c ' est plein .
Korean food here is better than most of what I ' ve had back in my country . But do not recommend BBQ . Noodles soup and rice is much better !
Diamond in the rough , found this place accidentally while I was at the car wash across the street . What a bargain , 2 piece Chicken and Waffle 3 . 50 . Gizzards are the bomb also .
Great store and love their sales . Helpful staff too
This place is a solid choice . Good food and service . Great room and space . Would return .
it was fun , and interesting too . . . . love the pink pajamas ! !
Cool looking store , I ' ve bought some boots / shoes here , Nice staff
I can ' t remember the last time I experienced great customer service at a fast food joint . Keep up the good work El Pollo Asst Manager !
Food was taste and cooked correctly . The only complaint would be that they were out of 2 items we ordered first . It is a bar and you are out of beer .
If you love Egg Benedicts this is the place to go . Very delicious breakfast . Very arty atmosphere . Excellent Bloody Mary ' s .
Our favorite place for the last 18 years . Always good always great quality . Can get very busy around noon . The best Dim Sum we have had anywhere . Hard to say anything else .
Cool little place . Tasty espresso . If it ' s on a Saturday or Sunday and you ' re working they will ask you to work at the large table . Cool set up none the less .
Awesome , authentic Mexican food . Huge portions , fresh toppings and a great atmosphere .
The food and service were good . Only takeaway is that I wish they had a little bigger of a selection on the menu .
The italien cuisine provided by this restaurant is quite good . I went there because of an activity of school . I ordered a pasta with tomatoes , spinach and shrimps . It tasted good .
I like the udon noodles and sushi a lot although they are a little bit expensive . They have various kind of food not just Japanese food .
Friendly staff , brisket is amazing , Georgia peach barbecue sauce sweet and hot , sweet potato fries oh my , definitely worth it
One liner : The lamb grill is awesome . The service was very good
good food . good drinks . good patio . GREAT urinal .
Price is a bit high but food is very fresh . Make reservation for patio seats .
not bad for being inside a casino ! ! clean , big & great dolby digital imax sound systems ! !
The delivery is fantastic and fast and the drivers are always super kind . My only problem is that sometimes the food is just slightly undercooked , but otherwise i love it !
The food was fantastic , just the wait was long .
Great prime rib bruschetta is wonderful been here a few times last time Linda saved the day and replaced my fatty prime rib with one of the best I ' ve ever had
Great ice tea and dirty chai tea !
They do the General Tso ' s chicken without bell peppers , pineapple and other crap . This is known as the correct way ! Other Chinese places , be more like Asian Wok !
Very hip feel to the place . The church fries were great . Kinda a male vibe to the place , but me and my girlfriends felt very comfortable . We will be back ! !
Food and service was great ! ! Definitely recommend getting the mini chimies and rice . . . Mmmm delicious ! ! !
Still my go to shoe store but seem like they don ' t show this location no love with inventory wth . Thanks for socks
My food was delicious , but my quesadilla could ' ve been better . The drinks were good too . Everything was super affordable which made the meal even better lol the patio was perfect for lunch .
Very good ! Enjoyed the Chicken Katsu Noodle and spam fried rice . Will definitely be back ! ! !
Excellent food , very reasonable . It is a strip mall store with paper plates and plastic forks .
Great food always fresh . . . . 3rd time there and always a great meal . . . . . . The noodles were awesome ! ! !
They squeezed me in on a weekend when it was hot as heck to check our ac unit . Igor was friendly and quick on repairing the problem . Thank you for a great job done
This a great date night spot . The service was good . The menu offered a variety of options for everyone .
Meal deals $ 2 . 99 . $ 1 menu items are $ 1 , but $ 5 boxes are $ 5 . 99 . Food is good and service is fast .
We had cheesy bread , shrimp pizza and meat pizza . . All really good . Toppings were good . Cheese to sauce ratio was consistent . Service was good .
Very good service however it was not crowded . Real chow mein made daily not spaghetti . Very happy with the Beef Soup Won Ton Soup Shrimp Fried Rice Broccoli Beef will definitely return
It is good , I like all the options , the staff is wonderful , the food is yummy , it is all clean and great selection . The atmosphere seems cold , that is my only complaint
Love the whole subway concept for pizza . I don ' t know whats better the pizza or the price !
I ' ve had home made phó my whole life and no restaurant could get this food right until this place ! One of the best places to eat phó in Vegas also has an American bar lounge atmosphere
Excellent duck fat fries but I don ' t eat pork and majority of their sausages are all pork casing so I dint try the kangaroo and other exquisite meat that was a bummer
The staff are very friendly . The food is good . Nice size portions . I would come and visit them again .
Best thing here is the pecan Kringle ! Love this place and my family requires it when they come to visit !
Great food and super friendly people . Kind of in an odd location , but we ' ll definitely go back .
Honestly the best menudo ive been able to find in vegas comes from this resturaunt , ive personally dwnlded their app added as a favorite . Great food perfectly proportioned delivered hot an fresh . Thank you Rami .
Wow ! Such fantastic food ! Try the Queen baklava , best I ' ve ever had .
Go . Have steak . Be happy ! Best steak ever ! Duck fat fries are divine .
I have always enjoyed the services provided here . The best deal is the mani / pedi combo !
Nice location , fun and good food . Even presented with a little something to try . . . Worth a trip especially if you are a Tommy Fan . . .
Good food , nice and helpful staff . Plus breakfast is available until 11am ! I also appreciate that they use compostable coffee cups . Found another good place to have breakfast .
One of my fav place for a salad in montreal ! The food is made in front of you so you know it ' s super fresh and they have the best desert of all time
This is my fav spot in Monroeville to eat . The pizza is great and the salad is awesome . Easy to eat with a group at here .
This is the spot for watching games or chillin on the patio with friends . Alex is the best server !
Service is great when they ' re not busy and good when they ' re busy . Nice atmosphere . Good food . Highly recommended . Rarely a long wait unlike the " budget " sushi places .
Nothing to complain about here . Quick service and the order was correct . A typical McDonalds and it was fairly clean .
This in my 3rd time here and it ' s becoming an addition . Just ordered the roasted octopus , French toast caviar and deviled egg fried oysters . Sitting at and loving this place ! ! !
Claim Jumper has been CLOSED for years . Now it is Jasmine Tokyo Asian Buffet . I just call it " Tokyo " . Excellent , Up - Scale Chinese Buffet !
Quite a good pho here for a reasonable price . The durian shake is tasty here as well .
* THE * best Thai iced tea I ' ve ever had .
First restaurant I tried in Phoenix / Scottsdale area . It was really good . The layout and atmosphere went along great with the food . Definitely would recommend this place .
I had the Zinis Rice Special for lunch . It was good amount of food . Very full after . The restaurant is clean , and service is great . However , it ' s a bit pricy .
Very tasty and exquisite sushi . Pleasant and friendly staff . Beautiful interior . True , prices are too high . I advise you to visit a sushi lover .
Great American food with fresh ingredients . Wonderful place to take the kids with tons of space to run around and plenty of kid friendly menu choices .
A solid place to get a falafel salad on a Sunday for lunch . You can save half of it for dinner that night . I like replacing the tahini sauce topping with baba ganoush .
If you visit Aamco at the Van Buren St . location , ask for Corey . Very knowledgeable and personable . If you have transmission problems this is the guy to go see !
First time trying this . The food is really good . I did the lunch buffet . The price is not bad . The food is not too spicy either . It ' s just right .
Nice location . Orders seem quick and restaurant is steady but never busy . I love the fried mushrooms !
Michelins . Their service writers are competent and courteous . Free rotations .
Fast , friendly , clean and efficient . Beautiful decor and great pedicure ! They make you feel like they want you there , unlike so many other of these nail salons .
What a great place for breakfast . Are at Mimi ' s two times in the week we were in Glendale . The homemade Corned Beef Have was amazing . We ' ll be back !
The owner was super generous with food and drink . I especially loved the goat cheese ice cream ( you gotta try it ! ) .
Been here several times . I really like their Oxtail fried rice & their matcha smoothie .
This place is good but for all you can eat , i would recommend dont go for the crabs . Its frozen and not worth $ 6 upgrade .
Great service and yummy steaks . The wine selection was good also . I ' d come here for specifically the meat . The octopus had a nice kick as well .
I loved my tempura shrimp with its coconut crunch . The Osaka rolls were to die for as well . Love the clubby , hip interiors too !
Decent food , good service , getting a bit old and run down . Could use a bit of a makeover .
We are Saturday regulars . They have very good burgers at half price on Saturdays and an excellent beer selection . It is a great venue for watching games .
Very good pizza , love that its not dripping in grease , crust is amazing and the prices are great for families .
Busy busy busy ! ! But they know how to make my iced Venti Black Tea Latte without being confused as heck . Probably because being in a mall they are way busier than other SB ' s .
Always friendly and fast service . Food is not bad , I always order a tostada . Best place to go in the Foothills . Atmosphere is always great .
Staff was nice and helpful . Store was clean and it looked organized . Prices were rather cheap which was nice . I came in with my gf and she was also impressed .
The staff is super friendly here ! They make a great Kevlar coffee ( bulletproof ) and their drinks are consistent every time I go . . . unlike Starbucks .
This restaurant was amazing the pizza was delicious ! The fresh basil on it was the best . The staff very friendly and accommodating .
The pizza at Five50 is awesome ! Nestled in Aria casino section , this place is a sports bar with a casual environment . They have awesome shakes too ! ! !
They are doing a good job repairing worn shoes , fairly priced and quick .
Went here on a Sunday night and it was a good experience . Decent prices , cool atmosphere , not to busy but not dead . I would definitely go again .
We have eaten here a few times over the past years and I have never been disappointed . Good food , good portions and good service .
Great food with a Caribbean twist . Love the Jerk Pork quesadillas and the plantain nachos .
The staffs really nice . The inside is very clean and so pretty . The food is ok , but the chips and salsa are great !
Must try bagels when in Montreal . The cumin bagels were different nd tasty !
We enjoyed the food here . It ' s a bit more expensive but there was great quality and service and nice intimate tables . We will definitely return .
I thought this place was very nice . CLEAN ! The people were nice as well ! I had a pedicure and a manicure ( gel nails for first time ) . I would go back for sure
I had major food coma and forgot what i was going to write . I ' ll update this when i do wake up . Service is def top notch .
Super downtown location ! Good , reliable , diner food , reasonably priced . Love to watch my food cooked . Open 24 hrs . Eaten here many , many times .
Like the renovations and effort to replace UAL with other airline partners . Great location as I can see that this terminal will be back . Welcome Jet Blue and others for filling in the void .
So far so good ! Great price for the money and the food was up to standards - they use real meat ! ! A must try !
Good food great service . Everything we had was delicious . Pancit , lumpia , bbq were amazing . We shared it all and it disappeared fast . This will be a regular spot for us .
Great service and Lamb Shank is huge ! Best Savingon Blanc for $ 12 . Excellent service . Definitely coming back .
Great service . She even listened to me and kept the shape of my brows . Cleaned it up nicely . Most people just shape it however they think is best . I ' m very impressed .
Had the super nachos and hard shell taco . Nachos were loaded - had extra toppings when we ran out of chips and the tacos were nice with a little heat .
Very comfortable place and definitely clean and kept up . Stay in one bedroom suite and it was spacious and accommodating . Staff friendly and helpful . Easy access to Planet Hollywood and the Miracle Mall .
Went there for a few drinks during Sunday night football . It was packed and fun time . Service was exceptional . Kelli took care of us all night and did an amazing job
Moar Bacon ! Picked up the Bacon Caramel Toffee and the dark chocolate Mo ' s Bacon Bar . They both were very tasty combining the sweet , salty and smoky flavors together .
We stopped in for happy hour on Friday afternoon / evening . They had some great deals and delicious finger foods !
Service good , great sushi , love their organic - wild caught - natural food selection such as Scottish Salmon , grass fed beef etc . Sometime have brown rice . Nice atmosphere , bit modern , lovely patio
Quick burger place with a very solid veggie burger option . I also really enjoy the sweet potato fries here , as well as the iced green tea . Food is consistent and the service is good too .
Pricey . I had baby back ribs cooked pretty well . Didn ' t really knock my socks off or I would have gave it more stars .
No line , Fast service , nice people small dogs welcome . I was in and out in less than 10 minutes . I marked this place as a fav .
I really love coming here this is the place to come if your looking for a good gyro ! ! ! And they have now started serving other things on the menu !
They have a nice non - denominational prayer room . The tile art in the floor features interesting patterns and images .
Went here for the first time . It was not bad , the pho was pretty tasty . The service was fast . Run by real Vietnamese so you know it was pretty authentic .
The space is a little room but the staff is very professional and their tans look amazing !
Good Wifi and a very good beer selection . Food ' s pretty good and Happy Hour is daily 3 - 7 p and includes food and drink
awesome price and great taste ! good quality and lots of it for one serving : O definitely coming back ! only negative point is the servers not so friendly . . .
Accommodating staff . . . I liked my experience , I just wish my nail tech would have spent more time on my pedicure . It was rushed but it was also near closing time .
Great salon prices are black and white and they don ' t try to bribe you into other things ! Very friendly
Very chill local spot to drink locally brewed beer . Nice ambiance and a wide selection of beers to suit just about any taste . Fill a growler or grab a six pack to go .
Good sonic experiences . I love sonic drinks , so i visit frequently . My order is always right and the service is fast and friendly .
Service is always above average and the Asiago Turkey is great .
This place is sooo cute and love there tacos ! Carne asada was my fav ! They make the tortillas fresh there !
Great and friendly service . Left my windows sparkling . Arrived on time and did a fantastic job . Love working with small businesses in our community .
Get a group together and enjoy a plate of scrumptious Ethiopian food . Staff is cordial . Food is wonderful .
Unlimited sushi was pretty good , service was great - especially for a party of 12 people .
Their california rolls is awesome , but is too expensive . . . . Went their an afternoon and other people paid for it . .
The coffee is a bit strong but they have good atmosphere , food and happy hour drinks . . . making this coffee shop particularly cool .
The food was delivered to our hotel in less than 45 minutes . We ordered a large variety of food . That pita is the truth ! A most order . We will definitely visit again .
Celebrating in LV with family . First time at Pole Position and having a blast . Staff is great . Great place for family fun .
The pit stop has good food courteous servers and a nice atmosphere . Prices are reasonable .
Original black milk tea frapp by far my favorite dish . Taiwanese spiced chicken , also great . The Q balls are so good !
Solid diner . Good omelette , nothing fancy , but does not need to be . One star off for coffee that could be better . Otherwise solid food , well made .
great sandwiches . Fun location on State St . stack up the sandwich with all the meats and cheeses !
Gotta love steak an eggs for under 5 $ ! Overall good vib wish the staff was a lil more friendly .
Lunch special $ 5 donair totally worth the value ! Pizzas are a great deal and the chicken bites are really good . I find myself going back and not being disappointed . Good work Fast - Lane !
Best antique store in Vegas by far . We spent literally like 5 hours and enjoyed everything we bought . Plus the first of the year sale is a must go !
I liked this place . very clean , comfortable and a decent size room . two things I didn ' t like Resort Fees $ 100 charge for cleaning your room
Great meal tonight with colleagues . Nice atmosphere . Good service . Really tasty food . I had the duck with mustard spätzle - - fabulous .
Good , centrally located ( Park & Woodlawn ) example of this chain , with friendly and helpful staff when we were there today , and a nice outdoor seating area by a fountain that appeals to kids .
Love this store ! They staff is always so friendly and I love the clothes from there . Only downside would be the parking .
Eggplant and cauliflower sides were amazing , the spinach wasn ' t very good . Waiting for them to add the calories for their menu , definitely should be done by now as the restaurant has been open forever
Good peach Cobbler and a good breakfast and very good service had a good morning will have to come back
Love Rita ' s but by the time we are ready for our treat they close . Should be open til 10pm especially on weekends .
Great fusion food . Had amazing goat curry here and would love to come back and try some other dishes here . They definitely need to get their drinks game on but overall had a great experience .
Amazing food . . . The take out service has improved significantly . Good to see the improvement .
Quick service and very friendly . They are pretty busy but all work as a team to get you in and out in a timely manner .
Quick and friendly service ! Great stop for a quick lunch break
This pizza is hard to beat ! I ' ve been going here for years and am always satisfied with the quality of the pizza and the service .
Went with a group with work and was a good experience . Wide range on the menu , very flexible with timing , and friendly waitstaff .
Delicious . I had the grilled shrimp salad and the hubs had the shrimp and chicken basket . Best hushpuppies we have ever had .
Excellent food , the meal for two can actually feed four . We WILL return next time in Vegas .
I love the Oreo Cheesecake ! Very yummy and hits the spot ! Also Japanese wings are wicked
Really good southern style chicken and seafood . Almost 5 star . . . Pluses - Clean Dining Room - Really Good Moist Chicken - Amazing Biscuits Minus - Speed of Service
Great location for being right next to Cleveland clinic . Clean nice rooms . Bad part of town , so stay on clinic campus or take an uber . No pool or hot tub : (
Great quality of clothes . And I received great service .
Maybe not the finest food , but a good place to hang out in familly or friends Typical american food , pretty cozy Cheap with a good service
Fresh colourful bowls of energy food . Tasty and diverse missing sauce perhaps butin the whole excellent
A restaurant opened for more than 20 years ( as far as I know ) must be good ! Recommend their warm noodle salad and minced pork lettuce wrap .
Cinnamon Apple Panini ' s for brunch . Sign me up . Yum doesn ' t even begin to describe the Sunday brunch at Coca Cafe .
VERY nice rooms . A couple blocks off The Strip . Near The Rio casino . Would love to go back and stay there for a convention in Vegas .
Possibly our new spot ! Great mexican food and a BAR ! ! With live music ! ! Cant beat it ! !
great beer selection and good dogz .
Great wraps and house fries ! Very friendly staff and we got a free cookie for checking in on Yelp !
Got take out food was great , takeout was as fast as McDonald ' s just make sure you call in ahead . I will be coming back !
Whiskey River is perfect for the late business crowd that just landed in Charlotte . Their lemon pepper wings are crispy and well seasoned . Our waitress was kind and patient .
We ate here multiple times this week . Great service , prices weren ' t crazy , nice size servings , food good .
Went there with friends for dinner and thoroughly enjoyed this place . The menu is well priced and service , excellent . i look forward to going back there again .
Love this park . Nice splash pad areas along with a variation of playground with shade coverage . Bench seating scattered around as well .
Have eaten here a few times now , pretty stoked to say they have amazing food , at fair prices . Always tastes / feels home made : )
Love the ambiance and decor , would ' ve given five stars if the cinnamon roll I ordered wasn ' t so tough to eat because it was hard .
The food is good and decently priced . I highly recommend the mentai udon . I ' ve been here multiple times and the staff has always been very nice and helpful .
The ice cream here is really unique and good ! I loved the mint and the red velvet is like eating an actual cake . Jessica behind the counter really was so friendly and helpful .
The avocado egg rolls are great , actually everything I ' ve tried has been good . And I love that they have live music on the weekends . Also it ' s really beautiful inside .
Excellent coffee , really delicious crepes and friendly owners . It ' s a local place , away from the strip and perfect for a relaxing morning . Great find , I will definitely be a regular here !
Evic , weekly specials and coupons always make my trips to Harris Teeter exciting . They have the best deals . I ' m new to couponing but I ' m definitely convinced it ' s worth it !
Place is pretty good . An interesting menu ! I ' ve tried the soups twice and haven ' t been a fan so not sure . Sushi OK .
Great food with an Indian twist ! You can ' t go wrong for $ 10 with the massive butter chicken wrap from Eastern Twist . No frills , lots of delish thrills .
A little pricey but really good breakfast food . Both the blueberry griddle cakes and the bbq eggs benny are delicious + the spicy honey is great . Servings are generous too
Delish ! ~ milkshakes and juicy burgers are perfect ! Wish the truffle fries and any substitutions you ' d like for regular fries weren ' t so much though
A weekend favorite between my girls and I ~ have a mango martini and their Vesuvious chocolate cake . A girl can indulge after an hour long of cardio workouts . XD
Service was pretty good . Prices seemed a little high but the food was decent . I would place it about average for an irish pub .
Good food , crowded , hurried service ( the bus boy would swoop in and grab stuff as he said " you done " )
It ' s been a while so I ' m writing from memory and I remember liking this place . Not great for babies though , small space .
They are having a going out of business sale . I will try and find out when their last day is .
Great size portions . . . I always get the lettuce wraps . Been here prob about 5 times . Great brownies for $ 1 . 25 ! Love their monthly / seasonal sandwich selections .
Awesome dinner ! The prime rib was cooked to perfection , the fish tank was awesome , the waiter was fantastic . Will do again .
Cute shop and ok coffee . Got the fiesta chicken soup which was deeelicous ! Thick n tasty . Cookie was kind of bland . Friendly and helpful baristas . I will definitely be back .
Great service , live the free beverage with the Hall of Fame Haircut . Cool concept , nice staff , book with Allie , she rocks .
在yeip上搜索的这家，个人感觉比较好吃，套餐量大根本吃不完。PS : 好评送甜点。6个人点了6人套餐，根本吃不完。小菜很好吃！送的冰淇淋很好吃！ . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
This location is the most diversery grocery store . We drive to here 40 mins even we can go closer to our house . Always good price , fast service !
We order the original Char burger with avocado and a teriyaki burger , the burgers where amazing . The fries could of been better if they where a little more season .
always like this place wish it closed late every day
Great quality , awesome taste . Its so yummmmmmy I ordered by phone , when I was there , it was ready . No waiting time at all
Fast and simple Wendy ' s ! Ordered three items off the value menu and I really enjoyed the Chili Cheese Nachos which was my first time eating it .
First On my way ! Trying since it changed ownership from Uncle Chen ' s . It didn ' t disappoint ! We will be back ! !
Great service friendly staff . Portions are huge . Food is well prepared and tastes good . Already looking forward to the take home and we are just leaving the restaurant .
great local spot to get a greasy dinner breakfast !
Thanks Cindy and Nancy for making our first mom and daughter nail experience so pleasant . We love our nails .
The food was great and the staff was super nice ! They have really great coffee options and omelets with everything you can think of in them .
Annie did an amazing job on lengthening the shelves on my sons suit jacket ! She completed on time as promise .
Excellent date place . 32 bucks for a three course meal , you cannot beat that .
The rolls the best , I suggest monkey plays wit fire or the lazy dragon .
Madison is a great employee always smiling I was there at 2 am she was nice . Coffee was fresh and place was clean and quiet .
they closed down ! does anyone know if they moved somewhere else ? i am having major sushi withdrawal . thank you !
I went for my first massage at Hand & Stone this week and it was great . Everyone is very friendly . I will definitely be going back for monthly visits .
Can you say yummmmy ? ? ? ? Because these cookies are amazing . Only reason they don ' t get a 5 star rating is because they are pretty expensive .
Dinner there after arriving at the Best Western Sunday night was great . Food was served very hot , tasted great , and was not an oversized portion . Staff was friendly and honest .
Pretty new and neat ! Better than my apartment actually . Love it !
Good food and quick service in a nice casual setting ! Came in on a Sunday and while it looked packed it didn ' t take very long to go through the line . Would definitely be back .
This is a great place for lunch . Authentic Greek food with a home like feeling . Great gyros ! Friendly staff .
First time here and I think I like it ! Got gel nails done with a design and we will see how long it lasts !
Furikake chicken was yum ! And my family was happy with the poke and kale . Friendly service and nice area for eat - in .
Great variety of food , good prices and excellent service . I had the roast beef & mozzarella panini . It had a lot of meat , the bread was fresh and the entire panini tasted great .
Great pub food . Fairly slow service , and an incredible beer selection . Octoberfest food selection going on currently . Need more wait staff !
Great Breakfast selection General Manager Sam Lucas was awesome and so helpful ! ! Enjoyed my stay and the hospitality from the staff Great Place ! !
Great food ! Great service . . . . In and Out in no time even during busy lunch period .
Great service . Blue fin tuna and Chu toro is awesome . Uni sashimi and all the other sashimi is super fresh .
Les salles sont grandes , les sièges sont confortables , suffisamment d ' espace pour les jambes , le son est très bien aussi ! Très achalandé en tout temps par contre !
This is a pretty good place . Atmosphere is hip and food is good . The miso is a little bit too salty though .
The amount of food you get is amazing . They also have people that sing every five minutes . The servers were great and this is the best thing about the floor area of the stratosphere
Cool vibe and excellent service . The food was expensive for the portion size and quality , but still good . LOVED the chips and salsa . Would just eat those for a meal next time !
Great tour , very informative . . British tour guide was fun interactive with the riders . I would definitely recommend this tour ! !
First time for a Corporate dinner . Food was really good and they managed to serve a couple of 100 folks on time and efficiently . A must stop next time you ' re in Vegas .
Good ambiance , kids like the place and familiar menu choices . Excellent food presentation but sometimes food comes out a little bland and not as flavorful . Still , a good place to go .
The beef and chicken tacos are excellent . Make sure you check in and you will get a free margarita ! !
The pad thai was so tasty and the serving was generous I had to do a takeout . Yummy food !
Was very good and was delivered in a timely manner ! Price were good ! Would eat here again . Thanks !
Sushi is delicious and fresh . Apparently we stopped in on wine night . . That deal cannot be beat . . . ENDLESS wine GREAT service REASONABLE pricing
Great bargain for an " off the strip " place that has everything . Liquor store not over priced . Everything was a " good deal " .
I have been a customer for about four years . The quality of the dry cleaning and alterations is oustanding . Great low prices . It ' s worth the drive to Scarborough !
Love the seafood cakes ! I ' m bummed the location on Bloor is no longer there .
Great coffee - - well , they don ' t do coffee specifically , they do Americanos . It is a very very small place , but it ' s a great addition to the strip .
Finally tried a bar in Brampton they had a decent menu and good beer selection , I enjoyed myself here on a Friday evening and would definitely come back !
Great local bar with 20 beers on tap . Great selection of food ! Good place to watch games too !
Don was very friendly and prompt and took care of an AC swap very seamlessly . I felt their pricing was very appropriate as well . Thank you .
Good food , good portion , good price . Hope they have more selections on rice cake . Will try the tofu soup next time .
I like this place . Service is bit slow during lunch . Been there so far dozen times and have not disappointed with food yet . I wish they had whole coconut . .
The airport looked small from where we entered , but it was actually pretty large . Clean but construction happening in different parts . Would definitely fly in here again , it was a fast unload and go !
great music , great vibe and the set up was perfect . came here with about 20 guys for a bachelor party and the ratio of females to male was pretty good as well .
Super helpful staff and it was not super crowded on a Saturday morning !
Chopped salad is delicious ! I got it with the smoked salmon . Service was good and the lunch was tasty .
It ' s nice to have an alternative to a home office without the cost of renting a building space . Great light , great people and friendly management .
Great banh mi , reasonably priced . Soups are not bad either . Majority of the customers are Vietnamese , which gives the place a bit of " authentic " feel .
The service here is exceptional ! The bartender is a true local legend and makes an amazing Mule ! ! The restaurant has a nice atmosphere but it is a little pricey !
Unique tastes . . we really enjoyed the food and it was fun to eat without utensils . Fun and different experience . Will definitely go back .
Bakersfield is a better bang for your buck . The tacos are amazing and so are all of the appetizers , but they are significantly more expensive then Bakersfield and smaller . Drinks are good too
The food and wait staff were fabulous . The interior is small ; however , worth the trip and possible wait .
great spot to study and grab a bite . Great sandwiches and Earl Grey iced tea ! Free refills unlike Sambalatte across the street
place is decent sized not too packed and always clean . one of the better establishments in the area .
Great dinner . A hipster joint that delivers great food . The smoked whiskey and the cookie and milk was a very nice touch .
Great place to get some sushi . Met the owner and had a great lunch . Tried an assortment of sashimi and sushi combo rolls and enjoyed catching the lunch out on the patio .
Great place . We went for drinks and an appetizer and we ' re really satisfied . Good tap selection , decent nachos , would definitely come back .
Never a let down on wing and taco nights ! Great food at great prices and draft beer selection is top notch . Grumpy takes pride and it certainly shows . . . . check it out .
Great food and great service . Excellent choices on menu ! High recommend the crab cakes and pasta dishes all great !
Hands down the best tempura in Toronto . Finally , we ' ve found a place that does tempura as good as Vancouver sushi resto ' s . The sushi is fresh as well , no complaints .
Great sushi ! Great place for a date . . . fun booths !
Great martinis , fantastic service ( thank you Alissa ! ) , and pleeeaaase try the Ahi ! Also try the sliders - my husband consumed them before I could get a shot !
Good manicure , pedicure . A very nice girl working there . Very good upper lip threading and a clean and neat place overall .
Never disappointed there ' s something for everyone and the portions are insane ! ! After being to hash house I few times I like to share a dish with whoever I ' m with ! !
Great pizza and pasta in a lounge atmosphere . Fairly casual but you can see when you chef bakes your pizza or makes your pasta . Very good food at a fair price !
Their boba drinks is really good ! Im surprised it hasnt had as much hype as any other boba places ! This place is a hidden gem & I would totally recommend any of the plantation drinks ( :
This place is fantastic ! If you are part of the neighborhood please support it regularly , great food and great service . Their sunday brunch is the best ! Charlotte needs more places like this !
The Fairmount has its place . It ' s pricey , but the drinks can be outstanding . The pizza ' s are good . The staff is mostly cool !
Had dinner at Scaddabush last night . The service was amazing . Our waitress was friendly and welcoming . So rarely am I blown away by service , but hers was fantastic .
The wifey loves this place and they have a great selection of toppings to turn your non - fat fro - yo experience into a 5000 calorie gut bomb : )
Been here a few times . . What you need to know the food is great , the service is not . Although not to authentic , Ive enjoyed all my meals there . Never has superb service .
Nice restaurant right down town by the ballpark , arena and orchestra . Reasonable prices with good food and drink . Lively atmosphere and great service . We go often and recommend it .
Went for a late lunch , had never been there before . Moderately price , definitely thought the food was worth it . Had the calamari , shaking beef and garlic noodles ! Will definitely come here again !
If in the area of Wellesley St & Yonge , a great place for a cheap adequate but also a good breakfast . Typical old styled diner .
Better deals than their next door neighbors at the crazy clubs , and the food is great for the weekend ! Their southwestern egg roles are very good and the $ 5 big margaritas are the perfect addition !
solid lunch spot with really good prices . If you want high end sushi go to Nami around the corner .
Exceptional service but most importantly delicious and very well prepared food . It is ambient and friendly atmosphere that makes you feel good .
Nice breakfast menu , good and satisfying food . But the best part is the warm service ; the make you feel special ! The place is nice , clean and open .
Ordered the gnocchi with pesto and penne with meatballs , both were delicious and large portions . Service was friendly . Food came very quickly .
Food , atmosphere , drinks were all great everyone was super friendly . felt the wait was a little long other than that I ' ll be back . price ehhh fair . over all a good job
I go here a lot . They ' re quick and inexpensive . Most of my experiences there have been very good .
The service was very fast and the portions were definitely larger than the ones from the Forbes Ave location on the Pitt campus . There wasn ' t anything special about this , just another typical Chipotle location .
It was my first time ordering food and we were very satisfied with their customer service , food quality and friendly staff and their behavior .
Very cute spot ! Good coffee , yummy snacks , and I love the environment ! Saw on Instagram that they host live jazz nights ; definitely looking forward to checking that and to frequenting this spot !
We ordered every type of curry and thought everything was amazing . No wait . Hit the spot
Great place with fun atmosphere near the Linq . Pasta was excellent and great craft beers on tap .
Honest , Excepts competition coupons . In and out . I will be back to the no fuss location . Good experience and friendly .
Delicious tapas / style small plates and incredibly cool atmosphere . Some dishes good / some great . Friendly unpretentious service .
A lot of places advertise a NY style slice , however , they under deliver for us East Coasters who really know . . . 2 thumbs up on the pie ! I ' ll be back !
Grandes variétés de fruits , les charcuteries et produits laitiers sont aussi disponibles J ' aime beaucoup leurs différentes rillettes
Wonderful spot for coffee salad , pastries or sandwiches . Excellent chicken salad and my son had their phenomenal grilled PB & J . Will definitely go there again .
Great selection , fresh ingredients and a fan for the family first atmosphere .
This one of the malls that my family loves shopping at . I had never been before and went last weekend . And I loved it , it ' s a very nice mall .
The food is good , but they are a little slow and pricy for what you get . I recommend calling your order in advance so you don ' t have to wait .
Yes it was pretty good . I wish Bobby Flay actually cooked for me . I had the shrimp and grits which was yummy and the service was great .
Food decent . Spring rolls great . Pho , have had better . Service was not great . Everyone was on their phones when we arrived . Overcharged for one entree . Probably will not come back .
A very nice little surprise in Phoenix . I went on a Saturday night with a friend , and the service was great , drinks were not too expensive , and the bartender was pouring generously .
Really good quick Chinese food fix . I love the General Tso ' s chicken . Enough for two meals .
Very clean , great service and not to mention the food was really fresh and good . The teriyaki sauce is also a plus in each table with some sriracaha
Great place ! I liked that it doesn ' t have a casino in it so it ' s nice and quiet . We got a great price and they were very accommodating of our needs .
Quaint , lives up to its name . Great staff , huge plus for being 24 hour . Perfectly cyber cafe styled , Chess boards , colorful , unique foods and craft beer selections . Worth a visit .
They hold it down at Burlington ' s . Decent selection . Prices that are very reasonable . Size - friendly . And they carry brands that other stores might not .
Old casino , SUPER LOW minimums on tables , and drinks at the bar are CHEAP ! The only thing is . . . . you can ' t breathe well in there . . . .
First time here . Everything was great . Came during happy hour and bulgogi was my fav ! !
I love this place ! Their portions seem to get smaller but I love the pork , brisket , and shrimp tempura tacos ! I had a breakfast hard taco that was a game changer also . Good stuff
Very clean , no overwhelming smoke smell in the air ! Great place to watch the fireworks on New Years Eve !
A good place to eat if you ' re downtown for whatever reason . Nice enough to bring clients to . Good sized portions and thoughtfully crafted menu . Appetizers are a plus such as the pretzels .
Yum - yum - yum ! Great ! Great ! Great ! Food is fresh and tasty , stuff is super friendly ! Definitely recommend this place and for sure will come back !
Something about this Starbucks . . . I ' ve never had a long wait . Ever . and the service is nice .
great food , the staff seemed nice not as attentive as I would have liked but I will be back for a second chance for a better review
All you can eat meat and seafood ! You make your own sauces whether you want to dip your meat in a spicy water base or regular ! This place is great
Very classy , great food , friendly service . Attentive and great prices . . .
Good solid cupcake shop ! I just wish they were closer and would maybe take over the Sas space or something closer here in South Charlotte . Great variety and yummy flavors .
One of my favorite Tx staples ! Never disappointed . Great burgers . Great service . Clean , quick , and tasty . Always impressed for an affordable chain . Several others should take lessons .
Great place ! Andrew the bartender was great ! Fried Brie was great with presecco ! Had bison meatloaf . . . Wonderfully flavorable ! ! !
Had dinner here recently for a family function . Great quality food , a little crazy of a menu . Atmosphere was intimate . Great service .
Happy hour here is the best ! Food is great . Ate there 3 of the 5 days we stayed @ South Point Casino
Delicious Indian Food ! I come here a lot for lunch and the service and food are very very good ! Highly recommended .
Always have some good breakfast . The crowd is usually pretty big so plan to wait a little bit especially on the weekend . Just wish their coffee was as good as the meal .
Presidential Pools redeemed themselves . They covered the cost of the repairs , showed up as scheduled and completed the repairs .
My friend suggested speciality for me . But it was different than what she had the other day . What I had was ok , tuna and some noodles . It was ok and price was ok
I enjoy this pub , the food is good for a bar and the karaoke nights are really fun .
We were so excited to try out The Soda Shop and it did not disappoint ! Such a fun atmosphere and everything we tried to yummy ! It won ' t be long before we go back !
I always ordered Taiyako or okonomiyaki pasta . The flavors are delightful . The pasta is always cooked right . It is pricey but I wont mind going there from time to time .
Best Prime Rib so far . I ' m very strict when it comes to rating places but this is definitely one of the best I ' ve tried . Highly recommend this place .
Tried the Montreal bagel today and it was very fresh and tasty . Will definitely go back .
Love this place ! Their Pho and shrimp fried rice are amazing . The only reason I am not giving it 5 * is because it isnt always the cleanest .
The food is very good here . Very casual and laid back with outdoor seating .
Been here a few times . Really cool atmosphere . Beers are very good , many of them IPA ' s and Stouts . Food menu is small but also very good .
Great fish and chips always fresh made to order . Little pricey but worth it ! Service is not so friendly but once you get to know him he is great : )
Great neighborhood pizza shop with great pizza . The service could be slightly better in terms of not being so rushed . . .
The service and food is great . Had the Pad Thai and it was delicious and I also like the decor of the place .
Good Gelato . Allot of different kinds . Waffle was stale . But will be back to give it another shot .
Saturday has kids from school of rock jamming . Happy hour from 3p - 8p . Good spot for a beer and live entertainment .
The slice counter is awesome ! Great value on higher end pizza on the strip . If you are not a fan of the greasy pepperoni and cheese from the other joints , give this a shot !
2nd visit here , I ' ll be back . Can ' t go wrong with a NY style pepperoni slice . Decent price , quick service . Yay ! I ' m a fan .
Good food and great prices . Can ' t beat $ 5 shock top pitchers . Pimento cheese sandwich is awesome and can ' t go wrong with the burgers . . . big block southern style !
The best downtown . All around fantastic . Wonderful dinner . Shrimp and grits like there ' s no tomorrow .
Soup and salad are very delicious . I love this place to bits . I come at least once a week . Free wifi and cool vibe . The food is fresh and the coffee is delicious ! !
I usually judge Mexican restaurants by their salsa , which is average at best . Their Tortilla Soup changed my mind and my rating , hands down the best I have had .
This was a great surprise in a little strip mall . I suggest you check it out . Very friendly staff and the food was amazing .
Great young professional atmosphere with good drink specials !
Really professional , super attentive and so nice ! ! ! They resolved my issue in no time and were so accommodating . I love it here ! My teeth have a new home for sure .
Great yogurt but lacking in the toppings department . Also not as many yogurt flavor options as most other yogurt shops . However , a good stop if you ' re in the area and craving frozen yogurt .
Good burgers . Excellent milkshakes . Gluten free burgers are delicious ! Lemonade is excellent but no free refills ! We where not told . Found out when we got the bill .
Medium wings have definitely changed , the size of wings are better and the service is awesome ! Been to this location at least 3 times so they are always consistent .
Best sushi we have had in a long time . A little more expensive than other places , but worth it .
I had the eggs and corned beef hash . It was quite good . It wasn ' t anything to die for but it was exactly what I wanted .
Typical B & N . Easily located , plenty of parking . Closes at 9 during the week . . . kinda a bummer . Huge store , but not as stocked as expected .
It ' s very interesting on the inside with all of the pink . Ice cream was good and cheap
This is our first time at Litchfield ' s , and it was outstanding . Food , atmosphere , cocktails , service by Deon - - everything was first rate ! Highly recommend .
Best customer service in Las Vegas , extremely polite . The food was outstanding , we ordered the philly burger and a double bacon cheese burger . Plenty of food for a great price . Definitely will return !
Awesome burgers and very good wings . Preferred the BBQ flavored wings over the salt and pepper which were a very salty . The homemade chips are a favorite side .
I ' m a fan but I went last night and the valet told us that Pasta Bar closed last week .
I have never been there for dinner only lunch and brunch . I was pleasantly surprised . The food was good and the price reasonable . I will definitely go back .
I head here for lunch all the time . Great pho and bun and generally attentive service . One of my favorite lunch spots .
My law school dean came to Phoenix and hosted me to TAB . . . food and drinks were good . . . and the crowd was lively .
Great breakfast burritos . Food is always made to order . Customer service is usually fast and friendly . The breakfast burritos are huge for six dollars . Great deal !
Great sushi , cheap prices . . love sitting at the bar for the free cucumber / crab salad ! Not the greatest of atmospheres , but it ' s a Charlotte sushi staple !
A classic Scottsdale staple . Nothing has changed in decades and I love it that way .
There food is so good ! Staff is very friendly . Have been here twice now and both times the food was great and staff was pretty helpful to a new comer here .
Bbq duck wings are the best sause ! The jalapeño and buffalo are not spicy at all . Bbq is sweet !
Tiny portions but huge prices . Other than that loved the food , environment and service .
Commerce de quartier surtout . Victime de sa popularité , il est souvent plein à craquer . Il faut y aller tôt dès l ' ouverture pourpouvoir respirer .
Food and service were excellent - the Dover Sole was outstanding , a bit spendy , but you get what you pay for . . . I ' d go back for sure .
This Starbucks is pretty small inside yet the service was really fast and friendly . Typical Starbucks holiday decor which , was nice . Ordered a gingerbread espresso . Pretty yummy though not super hot .
Well I wanted to update my previous review . Henderson Chevrolet stepped up and really redeemed themselves to me recently . Thank you to Heidi for reaching out and correcting a wrong in my eyes .
Went for take - out lunch . Had the taco salad which was fresh and tasty . Would have liked more salsa . Hubby had jumbo burrito which he stated was tasty .
So close to where I live and they got both the taste and the price ! The black and green dragon rolls were awesome !
The requested mild pad thai was too spicy for our kids , but we loved the food .
Solid 4 . 5 star restaurant with great food , generous portions , and food allergy friendly . Love the stuffed eggplant . Owner visited our table to ask about our meal . BYOB We will be back .
This restaurant is fantastic . I love the grilled sweet yam , it is delicious , will try that at home
Really good pizza , a little greasy but it ' s good . They have large pieces And have been good since they first came in this neighborhood ten years ago .
Love this place . Atmosphere is fantastic . Drink selection is very good . Staff is excellent .
The presentation for the food is always realy cool and neat ! The sushi is really good and the purple rice makes it a lot healthier ~
Discovered Hummus on yelp . This place looks really clean and the food was super tasty and affordable . I love all the option tl build your bowl or wrap . I will definitely come back !
Thanks to Extra - mile Floor Care I was able find a place to order a cake and have it ready for my girls party . Neat design , fluffy , moist and tasty .
Pretty good duck , a little bit pricy but it was very filling . We ordered the heavier 8 lb duck for 5 people and few more dishes .
Pretty tasty ! They have a ride range of food on their menu for a taco place , a lot to choose from . Loved it .
Came here with some friends who live in vegas . They had some unique dishes . We got lobster fried rice and oxtail fried rice . Oxtail fried rice was bomb . Prices are pretty reasonable .
Food was delicious , service was impeccable , and the restaurant itself was spacious and classy . However , pricing needs some work , still too much buck for your bang , so to speak .
Coconut soup with hot level is SO GOOD ! Drunken beef also pretty delicious . Portions are HUGE . Love that they deliver .
A good variety of strong well sourced coffees in downtown Madison in State Street . Didn ' t eat but baked goods sure looked tasty . Not mellow vibe in a comfortable space .
Great restaurant in the Hilton hotel . Get the mixed grill platter . The place is usually empty . So the service is great .
Nice selection of good quality shoes , sneakers etc . Mary was great . Clinic helpful too . Will buy more there next time .
i use to live around there . imho , ceo edges out cora ' s . the margarita just tastes a bit more authentic to me .
I love this place ! Tons of vegan options on their menu - their Tom kha is my favorite and everything I ' ve tried here is delicious !
Great place and great taste . Must try Drunken Noodles , Red Curry ( Spicy ) and the Fried Rice
Good food and liked they accept credit card . I think I might not go again to Bamiyan as Bamiyan only takes cash and debit .
EōS is a really great gym with great people and staff . However I miss the pink hair on that one guy at the front desk it always so friendly and inviting .
Great customer service . Chicken Teriyaki was delicious . Pretty fast delivery . I will definitely be eating here on my next visit .
Carmen did a great job grooming my dog . She listened to what I wanted and did just that . I will certainly use Carmen again .
J ' ai bien apprécié l ' ambiance et le service était très sympathique . L ' endroit est quand même assez grand et ce que j ' ai préféré était leur café !
Tried the pancakes . Very good . Bacon was way too burnt and cold . We will go back again and skip the bacon .
One of The Best pizzas we ' ve had in AZ . We r from E Coast & love r pizza . We r frequent customers . . . mostly pizza
Best food I ' ve had in Charlotte so far . Creative , imaginative menu . . . . mouth watering ! !
Solid dim sum place . Hai gow shut Mai pai gwat and Shen feung . Quick service carts and good prices .
Visiting for vacation with the family and stopped by . This place is awesome friendly atentative staff and excellent food . Highly recommend the carnitas tacos .
I love this Bashas everyone is so nice and helpful . I just wish they had bigger selections .
Great value for the money . Staff is attentive and friendly . It ' s a nice change of pace . Plus , they usually run specials that make it even more of a value
Fantastic pho and interesting starter , ambience is decent . Great place to get some pho on a nice cold rainy day . Amazingly low price for the food and the pho quantity is huge . Nice place !
This place has a lot of good choices . I had the eggs and cake and it was delicious ! I would deff recommend this place . Service was pretty good too . The prices are just right .
Nice Chinese restaurant at dt area . Clean and good place for get - together with friends . Steam dumplings are highly recommended . Price about 20 per person .
The owner is an ASU Alum ! ! ! ! ! Killer atmosphere and bomb couches . Best place to kick it in the West Valley . Just wish they weren ' t closed at random times .
Great service and very friendly . Bacon wrapped shrimp app was delicious . Laid back atmosphere was very comfortable . Good steak and huge baked potato .
Has been much better lately . Customer service at the counter could be a bit more friendly but nothing too bad . Chicken has not been burnt my last few visits and has tasted very well .
Have had a good experience so far with 2 visits . Had a slightly long wait during lunch once , but to be expected I guess . Nice sammie shop overall .
Love their chicken pot pie soup . I had to get a BOWL of it . And then a po - boy pastrami melt . YUM !
Cool environment but expensive drinks . Fun night out just for the decor and something funky casual and different The self serve element is blah considering tips etc
The service was prompt . . . the food hot . . . the beer cold . . . . the price was within reason . . . . any questions ? ?
Replaced the old Shell gas station , situated between Jack in the Box and CVS . Cheap gas and clean restrooms . Give this place a try .
Awesome Asada fries . Went there to get nachos but settles on the fries and did not regret it
I was skeptical but after the first round of sushi came out I was sold . This place is a gem , we went back 2 days later ! must try . .
Tastes like a backyard BBQ . . No frills . . Just a good juicy burger .
Really good food & service . They have a cute patio . Very clean . Not a large selection of a " healthy " menu options
They did a great job accommodating for my entire wedding party ! Definitely a great and clean place . Would recommend to anyone : )
This is my go to place for lunch . They have 3 daily lunch specials to choose from that come with soup and coffee or tea . Great service too !
Had the beef ragu rigatoni . Was pleased to hear they could easily make without added salt . Pasta cooked perfectly . Delicious .
My cigar shop of choice located in the Paiute Reservation . The place is basically a convenience store with a walk - in humidor that carries a good selection of cigars . They offer cigarettes too .
Great burgers . Just make sure you tell them how you want your burger cook .
This is the only place in the neighborhood I will go . Amazing prices for outstanding work they really put the effort in and you leave feeling like a million bucks
Clean restaurant . Very good authentic Vietnamese food . Nice prices . It ' s a bring your own wine . Will go again .
Cheap drinks , good wings . Haven ' t had anything else to eat here so not sure about the rest . .
First time here . Called for a last minute appointment . Mid range $ $ but worth it . Itty cut my hair . She is definitely the best stylist I have been to in years .
Dog friendly , all you can drink mimosas for a very decent price and the live music on Sundays is actually a pleasure to listen to .
Food was delicious , service could be better and chefs were outstanding . We had a party of 7 plus 2 babies . The staff are absolutely accommodating . Thank you
I ' ve only had drinks here at the rooftop bar and inside . The food menu seems a little expensive , but you can ' t beat the views from the roof .
Great food ! Especially the fries ! ! I still get cravings from the fries ! Must have crack sauce with them too . . The burgers are good as well . Worth the price for sure
Good food , vegan friendly , consistent , staff is ok not very friendly the last few times we ' ve gone
Great sushi ! ! ! Lots of sushi to choose from . Although Wait time for sushi to arrive was long . The staff are kind of slow but friendly .
Can ' t give 5 stars as I only ordered drinks but went with friends very chill atmosphere friends enjoyed the food a little pricey but overall good experience
A great new hidden find in vegas ! Their lunch happy hour is amazing prices and food is actually better than most in china town . Dynamite shrimp is a hit !
Yummy burgers good priced ! ! Fast and delicious Wasn ' t a fan of the sweet potato fries tho . We will be back ! !
Outstanding oysters on the half shell . Italian themed seafood dishes . A little on the pricey side , but excellent service , food and presentation
Bon service , menu intéressant . J ' ai adoré le tartare mais j ' ai été un peu décue par la tarteà la bière
Extremement rapide , bonne quantité pour le prix , tres bon endroit ! Je me demandais pourquoi il y avait toujours foule , je sais maintenant
Thanksgiving burger and hangover burger . Thanksgiving burger was excellent , the balance between truffle bread pudding and turkey patty was perfect .
I have been going to Los Olivos for more years than I care to remember . They still have the best Mexican food in town , and you can ' t beat the salsa .
Lots to see . I enjoyed hearing the owner appraise dolls for a customer . I will come back again .
Great food , clean and delicious , great service . Wide menu to choose from ; did not try the pizza .
Went here for the first time today , bought some sweets for Diwali . Lovely service . The sweets were good .
Perhaps The Valley ' s best dive bar . It ' s an older place , has a pool table and of course the obligatory hipster jukebox . . . ding ding ding
Poppy seed bagel , 0 . 75 each . Smells so good ! ! ! ! Soft and yummy : ) I love this area ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Good fresh food . Ok prices but friendly staff . Crawfish pivot was tasty and fresh . Fried okra was good and fresh .
Great services and great food It was full and we were sorted very fast The price was also very reasonable
Good hotel , modern style great restaurants And it ' s in the city close to everything bars , restaurant , mall all walking distance from each other . Winter is amazing
Crowded but the food is heavenly ! The restaurant being closed on Mondays seems strange
Beautiful sushi that was incredibly fresh and tasty . only complaint is that it took maybe 20 min to get a mangotini . . . . think it was forgotten
Love how clean my car is after stopping at The Claasic Car spa ! ! My only choice when its time for a good cleaning .
Ight . The spoon scraping the metal bowl makes me cringe and also had that taste when I dig into the vitality bowl . Anyways , they got good stuff for a good price !
Great little place the food is absolutely more on the healthy side small potions on the food .
Nice place , great bar , awesome rooms . Ive been to the place several times . Aways great time
Happy hour here is always good . Not a super big fan of the lettuce wraps but the chimichanga and nachos were amazing .
A fun place to escape the craziness of Vegas . Fun family activity . I ' ve never seen such a huge bowling alley ! ! Cold drinks and bowling . Why not ?
Service au bar attentif , accoustic moyen , mais comme la salle de show est petite on est à proximité du band qui joue . Terrasse extérieure ayant une grande capacité .
The stacked quesadillas are delicious ! Great drink / food specials for football games . Loved the lychee margarita .
$ 2 drafts . . . cheap quality tacos situated on a cool ass street . Hell yeah , I ' m a fan
Had a really good filet mignon and scallop potatoes ! Really great service too ! I would definitely go back .
Very good croissants and the coffee was strong the way I like it . Lot of business from people coming out of the Metro which is a pretty good indicator of the quality of the food .
My wife and I get takeout from there about twice a month . Service is always friendly and the food had always been tasty and consistent .
Jayden is the guy to see when you are here ! Always nice to talk to and very helpful ! Ribeye cubes and bulgogi nachos !
2 thumbs way up for the latte and the cinnamon scones . The chewy chocolate chip cookie that I took to go , really hit the spot later that night .
Great service ! All equipment in working order . Still have the Gingerbread after the new year , yay ! Coffee is superb .
Such cheap drinks ! Its a great place to start with your friends before you hit the clubs . Its also good for big groups to pregame at .
Really liked their crispy spicy eggplant ! A lot of their dishes had the same sauce though , so they all started tasting the same .
Kalbi ribs are on point . . Nice char and all around great flavor . If you love to eat with your hands and eat off the bone you would love them .
Love it here ! ! ! The coffee is lovely , the ambiance is calm , the back patio is wonderous . Great place to study and drink coffee .
Very cute & quaint shop . My go - to place for loose - leaf teas . Very helpful staff . Nice gift selection as well !
The Margerita pizza was good . The bartenders are good looking , charming , and entertaining . Overall we had an interesting night . This was definitely better than going to some food court .
My favorite neighborhood bar is back open ! ! I have missed the good food and friendly bartenders ! !
Delicious ! ! We go from the lunch buffet and the variety is great ! Always fresh and definitely made with love . A must in the west valley !
Chipotle is the tits ! If you haven ' t been . . . GO ! Review over .
Drive thru was quick tonight . Thankfully , the food was hot considering it was off - peak time . Fast service , hot and good chicken . . . you know what to expect .
Good food and a easy friendly service . Plus how many places can you say have real live hockey players walking through the restaurant while you dine .
Great service and very friendly . A happening young crowd . The all you can eat special is amazing and great valuefor less than $ 25 . Try the sushi 999 roll .
Great little pizza shop in Mt . Washington . They have good carry out deals and the pizza is better than most . They do a traditional crust
Excellent service ! Good food , nice atmosphere and how refreshing to see an ethnic restaurant that is not Mexican near the downtown area . I recommend you give this place a try !
Great place to get some laughs . Clean and entertaining .
Pretty nice place , great customer service . If you have a sweet go here and get the fat Elvis . It ' s so damn good .
French flip was fabulous . Macaroni and cheese had a great sauce with the brisket but was a bit undercooked .
Had 6 of us . All filled to the max for under $ 25 a person . Great food , well executed and a wide variety . Servers not the best . But the food is worth it
Great diner food , good variety . Staff is awesome , so glad we found this .
Bluecorn enchiladas were fantastic . You pay for chips and salsa that are supposed to be made when ordered but mine weren ' t . Pricey but good .
Enjoyed our dinner at this restaurant . The classic Thai dishes were tasty . I tried the Pad Thai , Tom Yum Soup , Pad Prik Khing and Drunken Noodles . I look forward to returning .
Cute waitress , very friendly staff . . Huge serving sizes , and cheap . Had the vermicelli , grilled pork and egg rolls . Thai iced tea was good as well .
I love the milkshakes ! The fries are crispy on the outside and soft on the inside . Tasty !
Food is good . Place gets busy . Great for breakfast . My husband and I finished our plates even with the big portions .
I had the arancini and a margarita Pizza , both were good . I would go again and recommend Bevo if you are in the area
I enjoyed the drinks here . Affordable and tasty . Plus , they have games and good music . Never tried their food sadly , but they have mocktails for your DD friends .
Brenda and Alfredo where so attentive ! Really great service . We had the tuna croissant with fries and onion rings , very delicious !
The food consistency is perfect , never tried the meat ! But looked tempting . However , the service was pretty quick . Tried the spicy tofu soup the best of all . Would definitely recommend !
Great place . The food selection is great . Creative menu . Would recommend it . Gets very busy quickly so make a reservation and arrive on time !
The Pistachio macarons are amazing ! The atmosphere and the people are very welcoming . I love stopping by every time I ' m in town .
Been going to Rubios since they first appeared in the valley ! This location is especially consistent in quality food and service . Love the fish tacos and their selection has really grown ! Yummy .
I love the selection of stickers and the Martha Stewart Crafts , scrapbooking materials that are here . This is a nice store .
Tony has got to be the best bartender in town ! Food is reasonably priced and the portions don ' t disappoint . Definitely a locals bar !
Ate here one time , I was delightfully , delicious , large portions to possibly share if need be . With great prices .
The paella was really good . Cost of food was higher than most places but worth it . Got to speak Spanish with the waiters , which was a plus . Good environment .
Really great island food some spicy some just full of flavor . Very good service nice owners . Most accommodating . Decor good .
Awesome new spot in East York , delivery was great .
Good , prompt , courteous service . Food was well prepared . The French onion soup arrived hot and with a generous portion of cheese . The Greek salad was excellent . Would eat here again .
Came in on a Friday evening " Birt ' s After Hour " event . Make your reservation a couple of weeks in advance . Great music this evening along with great food and drinks . Good time !
Best Pepperoni Pizza . . best cheesesteak hoagies out of the big three on Murray
This is a great museum and truly a unique experience to visit . It ' s worth visiting several times !
Better than fast food ! Has a home / picnic taste to it rather than a commercial taste , recommend .
Got a strawberry banana smoothie . It was painful trying to watch the girl figure out how to make it , but it turned out well . Just what I needed on a hot day !
Giving a shout out to Vanessa . Overall , this wax studio has great prices , gets you in quickly and are friendly . When I ' m in town I come here .
The hands - down best Jewish deli foods in Pittsburgh . Really friendly service . Get a Montreal Smoked Meat sandwich with a pickle and some macaroni salad .
Great finds and there are always good clearance items at this location . Staff are helpful here .
Found this place on yelp and decided to give it a try . Great Summer rolls pad thai and thailicious rice . Also the shrimp chow mein . big selection great food , Will be back for more
Great pastor burritos ! Sketchy from the outside , completely fine inside . Love the sauces .
Great all you can eat , price isn ' t bad . The food was great with the exception of the ramen . It was Korean ramen , I would say it wasn ' t authentic ramen .
Great w my daughter who is developmentally delayed ! Great pedis for a fair price . Gel pedicures last forever ! ! !
Cabana is the Wynn hotel ' s poolside eatery / bar . The portions are sizable for the sandwiches and the bartenders make exceptional drinks . The pineapple mojito tastes great .
Frozen cosmopolitan with chambord . Delicious . Also try the Henny Penny , chipotle mayo on ciabatta ? ? Two of my favorite things .
Great pub food and atmosphere . Whether you ' re looking for lunch in uptown or drinks after work , I strongly recommend giving this place a try . If only they were a tad larger !
Great - pass on the tamales and chocolate tamale . Just not the best corn mesa . Great mole . Shrimp over cooked , but sauce was amazing .
I like this one because it has a drive thru and they serve more soups than the other one on Nellis / Sahara . Better for me , I would say .
The Service and Servers are awesome . Food was spot on . The KimChi was slightly under cook , but everything else was awesome .
Strong drinks , good price ! ! Bf and I got a IPA and a coke / jack for only $ 14 . Not crowded , nice ambiance .
Great food fun environment good prices but it was just too hot in there with no AC running
I have been here three times and each time the service was great and the food amazing . The Mac & Cheese side is outstanding ! I am going to have to try a Saturday morning breakfast soon !
Awesome local coffee shop in the Village . A barista that definitely knows how to pull a good shot and make a creamy delicious latte . The pastries were also really tasty and fresh .
Really good mexican food . . . . love the four different dips for chips . The enchiladas and fajitas were excellent . Recommended !
Have eaten there twice ! The chicken was Fabulous ! Moist and very taste , at lunch had a burger it was great ! highly recommend this restaurant ! The price was very reasonable !
This was my first time eating here . The thin crust pizza was good . Service was great , and they have free WiFi while you wait .
It ' s the Keg . You know what you ' re in for . Great steak , decent prices . Love .
Nice store in nice neighborhood . They don ' t have everything that is available on The North Face website , but still have enough to please must customers . The service is pretty awesome too .
Cool place , food was good , the waitress was nice and the restaurant is beautiful . The grilled cheese and tomato soup was awesome !
Great stuff . Real simple . Fast as well . The steak was cooked perfectly . The fish cane out great . And the service was nice as usual . ILL BE BACK . LOL
Love this place . Great kick back get away for coffee and brunch . Service is always on point and the organic menu is perfect .
Solid Thai food . Bar in the back . Great at night . Quality ingredients all around . Watch out for Karaoke least your night out be ruined haha .
Huge portions , great service ! Decor is really outdated , but overall a good place to get a big breakfast on a Sunday morning !
great venue , great service , great food - they always have both patios for smoking though and they woft pretty badly in to the venue when the doors are left open .
Great sandwich ! As big as a canoe ! Really enjoyed it . I will be back . I must lay down now . The meat sweats have arrived .
I liked my cosmopolitan ALOT . If you like sweet and savory and saucy style of foods , you ' ll love this place .
Always enjoy dropping into Joes . I do love the ribs . Had just about everything on the menu and couldn ' t complain
The pulled port sandwich and green chili stew are are great along with the excellent bar staff give this five stars - one for the drab space . Great draft beer selection !
Update : the owner of The Roast got back to me through yelp and was very apologetic and very responsive toy complaints and is workong to ensure there are no further issues . Thank you very much !
Beautiful décor . Great fish tacos . Margaritas were a little weak . Service was slow but friendly . Will be back .
Yummy Thai food ! A little expensive for what you get , but I ' d still go back for more : )
Our Favorite YMCA ! Never too packed and great equipment !
The food is delicious ! The waitstaff is awesome . You can always dine in or takeout either way you ' re going to love the food .
Awesome ! Awesome ! Awesome ! Loved this place ! Great little spot , fresh salsa bar , fresh shrimp , good service .
This place is pretty fun . So much to do and the prices are very reasonable . My advice is to come here when you have money to burn .
Great atmosphere , great service , great food . Overall , a good value compared to Jean George which was ridiculously expensive and barely average in every other regard .
Wish we were in the area more , we certainly would go back often . LOVED the food and enjoyed the conversation with the owner .
Good food , but what really sets this place apart is the excellent and very friendly service . Also , they ' re open 24 hours .
Great coffee , nice breakfast - old music . Worth a stop , a cup and quick bite .
For high quality and good selection of vinyl , this store certainly has plenty to offer for audiophiles and novices alike .
Love the food here . Onion rings are awesome and so is the chili . Sandwiches and burgers are good size . Tip - The staff does not recommend the fried curds ( frozen ) .
Amazing beer selection , food is only OK most of the time . Can be busy depending on their specials going on or whether there is a game on . Come for the beer . . . .
Très bon restaurant ! Service agréable et attentionné . . . Les plats sont bons , des saveurs au rendez - vous . Un petit bémol sur le dessert .
Cold beer and great tacos . Best nachos in the city . Added bonus , the margaritas aren ' t neon green !
Very happy I stopped and had dinner . People were very friendly and helpful . They have tasty street tacos and nachos .
Pizza is better the majority of pizza in the area . Favorite is the ala vodka special ! So glad we tried it again !
A consistent experience and friendly staff make this and nice go to place for lunch when in the area .
shared a salad and a steak wrap here and it was delicious . Salad slightly oily but it was good just the same . Cute place too . We ate outside which we enjoyed .
Very good fried rice , I recommend getting it . My Aunt Suzi said it was the greatest she ever had ! ! A little slow on the drinks though . Definitely go ! ! !
Good authentic Thai restaurant . Got to try their papaya salad . . . it ' s awesome . Good service , very friendly
I have never been disappointed ! Their oatmeal pancakes are very good . I also love their rosemary potatoes . I have always had excellent service but the wait can be long on the weekends .
Chap chae was wonderful , as good as being in Korea . I cant wait to sing kaoraoke here
Sandwiches are heavy but tasty . Croissants and cookies are good . Service is very good . Worth the try and the average 30 min wait time .
Nice place and awesome patio . Environment is better than the food . Drinks and staff are doing a good job but again , food is nothing better than average . . . , ,
Very good food and nice ambience . I recommend the scotch eggs . So good ! Great location too .
Continue to come for the atmosphere , coffee , wine , and fresh pastries ! They ' re open 24 hours a day and have WiFi available : )
Great atmosphere ! ! Service was fantastic ! I ordered the sweet potato tortellini and was not disappointed ! Great drink selection as well . Would definitely go back
Superb food , excellent service , nice ambiance . Would definitely return . Great quality for the price compared to many other restaurants I visited while in Vegas
clean , fast service , and delicious food ! came with my parents and brother to celebrate my brothers birthday and we are satisfied !
I love this place . Great neighborhood restaraunt . Pizza is OK . But their Fettuccini Alfredo is to die for !
Great place to donate blood . The staff is very nice and helpful and they give you movies to watch while you donate
Pricey for a waffle , but if you are looking for a delicious sweet indulgence this is the place to get . My favorite is the cinna bliss .
Great location if you want downtown . Small room but great utilization of space . Very clean and no carpets in the room ! ! Love that ! !
Tienen rollos realmente originales , me gusta mucho aunque es un lugar pequeño . El rollo de sushi My Darling is amazing and originals !
Bons produits , bon service mais un peu cher .
Very cool place for Tapas . The Arancini and proscuitto wrapped prawns are my favorite . It the weather is nice , sit on the sidewalk seating area . .
Fried chicken is the bomb . . . good outdoor dining in a cool part of town . Now that The Penguin is gone , this is the place to eat .
Love the pizza here , great quick snack when you dont wanna do a loong meal and just want to get back to gambling and / or drinking .
They help you cook your food for you and all recommendations were delicious . Next time I will definitely try the fried rice .
Great food , but the hour + long waits to be seated sucks every single time . Once you are seated you are rushed to order , eat , and leave . The breakfast burger is good .
4 people tried the Gangnam Special + Additional Appetizers . $ 93 bucks for 4 people for lunch was a little pricey . Taste and Service is good . Must try at least once .
Bien satisfaite pour un petit déjeuner à 6 $ ! La serveuse Johanne est super sympathique ; )
Great food , love the daily specials - just wish they had more desserts : )
Brandon has cut my son ' s hair a few times and we are both always pleased with his work .
One helluva view and fantastic jalapeño crab dip . Pair it with some ice cold beer and this place is sure to be a hit during the summer time !
Well it is expensive , but it is a cool place . Best fries ( In duckfat ) ever . Great vibe . Oktoberfest made in Torontonian style .
Had the homous and spicy feta dip with pitas tonight for dinner . Delicious ! ! Would definitely have it again .
nice staff , place is clean , and burgers are good . hits the spot when you need a good fresh burger
They have a little of everything . When the items on sale on clearance it is a plus ! The employees are super helpful .
When you deliver healthy smoothies , that ' s a bonus star ; ) as what anyone would expect from a franchise ; consistency and cleanliness . good service , friendly owner .
Needed compression pants for my son for football they were only $ 9 . 99 here can ' t beat that reg price everywhere is atleast $ 30
Great fruit and seafood . I like the Spanish food here as well . The most surprising thing is the Asian noodles and pho soup here .
I have been here several times , usually for lunch . Stopped tonight for dinner and had the Halibut and it was really good . Cooked perfect and good flavor . Great service too !
Great food , had the spicy rice cakes ( Tteokbokki ) and potato pancake . It was enough for five people and very filling . Very affordable and home - y atmosphere , definitely reccomend !
Very friendly staff and really delicious food ! Enjoyed my experience trying raw dishes , and I felt great afterwards . Definitely coming back to try everything else on the menu .
My new lunch spot . I love the plate here where you can pick all the heathy items you want . It ' s enough to share with a friend !
I would rate this restaurant a 5 star but this chick kept coming around with an iPad standing by our table looking at us and punching stuff in her iPad . Just weird . Kinda pissed me off .
The taste is there , les plats sont preparés avec soin , saveurs delicats , bonne presentation , la deco un peu simpliste mais seems clean . . dans un quartier méconnu .
We ' ve been several times . Love the atmosphere . Priced right for amount if food . Suggest sharing the entrees . Specialty drinks are great !
Mad Greenie juice was awesome ! ! ! Natural sodas . Locally sourced produce . Pretty great salads .
Gamblin with a big Margarita and great people watching on the deck .
This is our first time here and the food is really good . It ' s inexpensive for breakfast but by no means cheap . Everything was cooked to perfection . The biscuits are really great and homemade .
Have gone a great many times . Delicious food and great vegetarian options . Sometimes can get very crowded though and in the summer bugs are a problem . Beautiful area . Delicious .
I really enjoy their beef ribs ! And the Kapow shrimp from the appetizers ! The burger was a nice too however their ribs stood out ! I also love their bbq sauces and hot sauce
This is really a terrific restaurant . Great food , great service . Creative menu . Definitely recommend !
Came here with a bunch of friends for brunch on a Saturday and they accommodated us surprisingly quickly . I had a great omelette and the coffee was better than I had expected .
Always tasty and the fries are a breed apart . This is my go to brunch / lunch spot during the week .
Spring rolls are great ! Nice variety and nice dipping sauces matching . Pho noodle soups are perfect on a cold day . I love the atmosphere . Parking is always difficult . Even at 9pm .
Good place - I like their standard sushi and I really really like their specialty sushi . They have this one that I think was called a Hawaiian role . Definitely try this !
The food was great , except when I was surprised and look puzzled with how fast the dish came out , the waitress gave me a dirty look .
Their food is amazing , but go for the Shakes ! You won ' t be disappointed !
Love this place , food is very good and the lunch prices are affordable . The lady who works the front desk is always nice .
The breakfast is good and the staff is friendly , but my favorite part of this place is they bring a complimentary snack plate for the kids to keep them busy until the food comes .
Cool movie night spot here in Vegas . Tuesday $ 5 all day , but the theater gets packed quick . So you got to hurry .
Heard from the owner that they just changed chef . This chef is from Hong Kong and the fishes are better .
Great local bar , awesome atmosphere terrific drinks , like the service , second to none , best place for a date night with the wife
A line out the door is always a good sign . Food was really good and the atmosphere is excellent . We sat at a bar by the window and watched the passerby ' s . Highly recommend
Second time coming here I love it . It ' s great hangover food and good authentic pho . I usually get the spring rolls and rare steak pho . It always makes me feel better
Nervous because of a language barrier , however it was a positive experience . Good haircut in the end . The young male hairdresser was good . I will bring a picture next time .
3 Words : Aged Prime Rib . Oh my ! Make sure you have reservations , otherwise you ' ll be eating at the bar , if you ' re lucky .
Been Lov 2 times . Their options are diversified and menu is updated on seasons . Food is good .
Really enjoyed my stop at this little gem of a bakery . Truly groovy interior & absolutely scrumptious little donuts . I had the Reeces Cup . Yum
great food with good price ! ! ! one of my favorite BYOW in town !
Came here while in town for a weekend trip and my experience was great . The place is beautiful , service is good and food was delicious .
The food was great , cocktails were well crafted and the staff was so warm and friendly !
Stopped at the location based on Triple D recommendation . Tacos are good . I would recommend the food .
The food was good , very hot . Had the curry and the crab wontons were very tasty . Paper plates and tiny place .
David was a great server ! He was hilariously funny and the food was very tasty as well .
Has 2 separate play areas on the playground . Smaller splash pad , but well maintained . The grass area below is busy with football and soccer teams .
Chile relano , hard shell tacos and burritos were good . I love their condiment section . Reasonable price and good Mexican food .
The one and only sauce is pretty good . The fingers also are fried just right !
This was my first time here , but wont be my last . I had the Chicken Tortilla Soup , Caesar salad and a Canoli . All are worth getting . And the service was outstanding
taste , and presentation was excellent , service was not at same level but it ' s worth the trip , best chile relleno and quest fundido I ' ve ever had !
Ordered meiwei delivery . The food got here earlier than expected , fried rice was excellent and spectacular Mongolian beef . Will be ordering again ! P . S . Love the online ordering !
Great place w / great people You get exactly what you expect fabulous service . No complaints over here
Super friendly service and pizza was delish ! Had a little section with cute Christmas decorations . Their garlic knots were good as well . We will be going back because of their friendly people .
Delicious , delish . Very nice location , great service , good food . Loved the all u can eat option . Fun experience , will definitely recommend
So kitchy and unique ! ! ! Their advertising is creative and will make u laugh if u have an open mind . Bartender was very nice .
The food taste good specially with the Peri peri sauce .
Really good for when you want some pizza after or during your partying on Fremont ! The spinach pizza is my fave !
Seats are awesome ! Parking is overpriced even with validation . But the screen looks really blurry on half of it if you sit to the side .
Always fast and always good ! The owners are very friendly . I ' ve never eaten in the restaurant , only done carry out . They always get my order correct and I ' m always satisfied !
Great atmosphere , comfortable chairs , best theatre popcorn Madison has to offer , and I ' ll take a Pellegrino ( or an alcoholic beverage ) over a drum of Coke any day . . .
LOVEEE THEIR GARLIC SAUCE ! That ' s the reason I go there ! Overall the food is good , portions are big and staff are friendly . Great to casual dining
Pretty good burgers , yummy shakes , fast and polite service . Definitely recommend getting the " double " for any of the burgers , the individual patties are pretty skinny on their own .
Love the variety of flavors ! One of my favs this year was the malted vanilla ! Get some honey pecan before the season is over !
Been here a few times now . Good , authentic Chinese hot pot . Definitely hits the spot for those cravings . The lunch special is definitely the way to go . More than enough food .
I was a fan of this bar , GREAT food with decent service . Big glasses of tapped beer and good prices / deals
Great happy hour and MOJITO ' s are the best . The food is also pretty good . On some days they have live bands . Highly recommend away from the hustle of the strip .
Convenient place to stack up on snacks before flight . Bummed out though that they don ' t have any hanover flavored pretzels . Lines could be longer and slow at times depending on the crowd !
Food was very good . Eats more like a little Italian restaurant in your home town rather than one of a thousand in Vegas . Highly recommend the Filet Mignon meatballs they were Fantastic !
Fresh and affordable with plenty of delicious options to choose from ! The sushi and noodle bowl were delicious
Five star except for the loud rap music playing . If you are a nutella lover , you have to come here . Great service !
Delicious food . Great service . Interior not the best but they could of made it better by having Cuban music on or something .
Delicious food ! Tons of gluten free options . The Greek salad is amazing and so is the falafel .
It ' s good if you are a vegan / vegetarian . But if you ' re looking for " meat " don ' t come here .
Plenty of good selections of rolls and sushi . Love the little sushi train . Will definitely come again .
Lived here for two years and really like it . I like the staff and Matt is the best . Great location . Just renewed , and getting free carpet service .
Great food , generous portions , good prices and great service ! ! ! I would gladly go back again .
Great service , cool digs and new foods to enjoy , loved it . Server knows all menu items well ! Will be back .
This is one of the best sandwich places I ' ve ever been to ! Me & my boyfriend always get subs from here & the employees there are always nice !
I loved Time Square at the air park but they closed ! ! The staff was so friendly and the food was good ! !
Good food . Affordable , friendly staff . They give you a carafe of coffee and water which is great . Parking is a challenge .
Went for lunch , had a chicken club really good . Just a really good diner .
Great Friendly Staff ! A different style of food for me but I loved the flavor . I ' ll be back for sure ! !
It a god place for eat and out side it ' s a play ground ask for the crunchy dog or the salchipapas
This place has awesome hours , 6a - 12a ! The food is fast and filling , made right then and there ! A nice family owned business , I am a repeat customer !
Perfectly serviceable diner food - - haven ' t tried the Mexican food yet , though . REALLY nice people working there , too . Great hash browns as well .
first time trying and i would def go back . Service was great and the food was very good .
The roasted tea tastes very good . I could really taste the tea . The portion of the milk has not overwhelmed the tea .
Our room was clean , the beds were comfy , they offer Wi - Fi and we had a nice view of the Strip . For the price , we couldn ' t ask for more !
We love the ambiance of White Oaks . It ' s very intimate and sitting on the creek side is delightful . The menu is always inviting and the service has always been excellent .
we like the prime rib at jerrys the best around for the $ . we always ask for Ashely for or server she is awesum . great deserts and sugar free also .
One of the best steaks I ' ve had . Tuna was the bomb too . Keep it up ! I highly recommend this place . . Service was good !
Really great ! Casual atmosphere . Had the BBQ mahi tacos and honey wasabi mahi burrito . Excellent .
I ' m glad you ' re on uber eats ! Healthy option and good tasting chicken and carne asada !
The Pad Gra Prao was really good . The service not so much . Staff was not helpful and borderline rude .
Had to go for the name alone ! Went for dinner before the Magic Mike show . Chips and salsa was plentiful and drinks were good . Try the pink tacos . You won ' t be disappointed !
Love this place ! Best Pho in Downtown Phoenix ! I eat here at least once a week . Parking could be better but that the price you pay for dining downtown .
The original Rivertowne location . Smaller than the others , but the same outstanding food and beers . A local neighborhood bar atmosphere , where other RT locations are more chain - like .
Enjoyed the feature of cooking our choice of food right at the table . I would recommend everyone try this at least one time .
We love their bagels and lox ! Service was just okay though : (
First timer , the customer service was awesome ! The garlic nan was great . We had the lamb curry and chicken curry . Both we okay , I wasn ' t too impressed .
Been for breakfast twice now and both times have been pretty good Great selection of food Service could be faster Prices are reasonable Staff are friendly Really liked the design of the restaurant
Always changing graffiti and it is free of charge to look at some great Toronto street art . Definitely recommend going to this place with a good camera .
Nice atmosphere . Very friendly staff . Nice pace and the food was very good . Chicken , brie and fig sandwich tasty . Sticky toffee chocolate pudding was divine . Good choice to come in here
They have good pizza and good cannoli . They also have a good happy hour with a rotating draft beer selection .
Got myself Coconut milk tea and the other is Matcha Milk tea Bubble tea is just too good to not have ! Service was quick even in the rush - was still good !
Great atmosphere . Loved the entrance , everything really is for sell ! ! ! Food . . . savory , very good . Service terrific .
Pad see yew flat noodles with beef ! Thai iced tea and coffee ! Vegetable fried rice ! Dumpling were nice but i feel like they should give you 10 instead of 6 . Great food either way .
Swenson ' s in a NE Ohio classic . Whenever I am in town , I visit Swenson ' s . I love their burgers and their fried mushrooms with ranch .
A great restaurant with unique mexican dishes . Service was below average , but the food was fantastic . Tastes and combinations you won ' t find at regular mexican places .
Stoped in with the family on Saturday - great feel , nice modern / clean look . Quick service . GREAT PIZZA , fantastic fish tacos save room for the skillet cookie dessert
I honestly didn ' t know a waffle could be this good . You must try one but be warned that they are addictive . You WILL want more ! So warm , and chewy . Go .
Fun date night spot while visiting in AZ . The selection of bruschetta was awesome and super tasty . Also recommend the fried ravioli . Thanks for the good food and good time !
best one so far , drove from sahara to this one to avoid the sahara wait .
Pretty cool arena , with the exception of the bathrooms . They get clogged and backed - up .
Had lunch here today . Got the protein wrap with a side Caesar salad . Very good food ! Would recommend for sure !
Good food . Not crazy about the waitress I had on a few occasions , but what can you do .
We had a small issue which was promptly resolved by the manager , and I absolutely love the food here ! Customer service is obviously paramount at this Calgary staple restaurant ! Try the dumplings ; )
Had an order come out pretty late but the management made it right by giving the order for free . The pad Thai was pretty decent , includes lots of sprouts .
Great dim sum on a rainy Wednesday afternoon . Staff was friendly / polite to English speakers . Really enjoyed roasted pork bun .
This is our go to place when press for time . Fast service and good food ! We got in and out in under 30 minutes .
Good service , limited selection of pastries compared to Valerio ' s . Looks like they specialize in cakes .
I love the salads they have here . The food is nice and fresh when they do a great job on the blacken Mahi Mahi
Nice menu with fun names for items . Enjoyed a business lunch there and want to come back for drinks in patio one evening
Great place for organic foods . They have quite few homeopathic medicines .
Really nice pizza slice . The Margaretta is really nice and I usually brush the slice with lots of oil . Very tasty and well priced . Definitely one of the best slices in town .
Very chill vibe . Food is delicious . The decor is classy . A good place to enjoy drinks , a meal and good company .
Had the Carribean style fried rice with chicken on top was okay . Also had the chicken wings BBQ really good . Would definitely go back thumbs up .
Great dessert variety . Flavourful . Customer service was OK . . . had to ask couple of times before she rmbs to bring us more water but overall friendly .
Maybe some grass would be nice . . . . After all it has been atleast 3 years since there has been any grass in the big dog section of the park .
Delicious . Great service . I reco pretzel roll turkey pastrami . Decor is great , nice outdoor seating as well .
Great service and pies ! Love the pumpkin such good flavor but crust was a bit too dry .
Had great food and drink . Ordered the short rid and steak they were great . Love this place .
Closest thing to hipster environment mixed with great service and great tunes .
My family has been coming here for years now and would not go anywhere else . They have very friendly service and always cut your hair like you ask .
Love this place . Really good fast subs thaT meet quality of the pallet . I WILL BE BACK SOON . Had the Italian with mushrooms and bacon it was fabulous a must try .
Super fun except the dB that told us we need to hurry up . It was the only the 3rd time I ' ve ever golfed . You were a 1st time golfer once so stop being db .
Delicious authentic Szechuan food . Perfect for family style eating with family or group of friends ! Must try !
Big Juan is awesome with the bacon and packed really well , it was a foot long burrito but last couple times I went for that it has been normal burrito length but still packed well . .
We came to the freemont experience and tried this place out he lobster tots is what my husband got he loved it
Best chicken burgers here ! Can be a little pricy but the food and service is always good .
Food is excellent ! ! Service improved as the time went by . Looks like a great option for carry out .
My first time here and a great time . My friend recommended this place to me . . I really liked the gobi Manchurian a lot .
This place is an appreciated break from the monotony of Tempe . Families , graduates , and locals converged here today for 2 games , and the energy of the rivalries made me feel at home : - )
I give it about a 4 . . . its solid lil spot . . . huge portions good bang for the buck . . .
Love the chicken fingers . The Canes sauce is awesome and addictive . The Texas toast is delicious . I don ' t like the Cole slaw so I get more toast instead . The lemonade is great .
The rooms are great ! I love this place because it ' s so close to mi casa . I ' m a fan ! We go to the movies all the time here .
Great AYCE place . Would definitely recommend super white an yum yum scallops . Heart attack roll was delicious if you like spicy rolls like me . Try this place and you won ' t be disappointed .
Had breakfast there , the atmosphere was great , ordered the danish assorted bread basket , large portions with excellent taste , and as one lady pointed out " they ' re to beautiful to eat " .
Had an amazing experience and some exceptional seafood here , if you ' re staying at the golden nugget , you need to dine at the chart house . You won ' t regret it : )
Efficient , friendly , quality service . Glad to have it in my neighborhood !
I went there for the first time tonight with a friend . The food was delicious and the service was great . I will definitely return here again . Also the prices are reasonable .
Great Italian wedding soup for her ( still full from lunch ) and decent pizza for him .
really consistently good taro boba , I will drive out of my way just for that
Such a sweet store . Had the matcha green tea + Tiffany swirl with honey comb . Mmm delicious ! Cute complimentary water jug was perfect after such a sweet dessert .
Great service by Ali for a first time experience I was very pleased and the food was good , service expedite and good atmosphere .
Great food . You have to pay some stupid fee for being on the strip don ' t understand it . complete rip off .
We had the spinach ravioli and bruschetta pasta . Both were really well made and tasty . Ambience and service is good . Place feels more local and personal than eating at an olive garden
Very nice little restaurant , clean , great prices and tasty food . Their medium spice is a little on the spicy side but everything else was delicious . I ' d go back there !
Great menu & pleasant occurrence upon arriving in Montreal after an overnight drive from New York ( CITY ! ) Delicious BUT - if you have A / C - use it !
This is really good NY style pizza . Thin crispy crust . Go get a slice , it will take up 2 plates !
The food was far better than I expected considering the club - like atmosphere there on a Saturday night .
I had dumplings for the first time here . I got the pork and green onion ( fried ) and they were amazing ! Very inexpensive too , considering how many you get . Will definitely be back !
The older strip mall location is deceiving . . . Give it a try ! You won ' t be disappointed . The owner is fantastic . So gracious . I loved the hot rock bi bim bap !
Went here last night , cheap drinks , friendly staff . . will return !
cowboys and cowgirls ! local phoenix . south side !
Went here for a wedding cake tasting it was really good can ' t wait for the big one . So far so good taste is everything .
The best fast Mexican food ever ! Love the Mexican Pizza with chicken . This restaurant is always very clean & the employees are awesome .
Came here for some Ube sweets . We found what we were looking for without any issued . Excellent texture , taste and moisture level . I will be back here for more .
Excellent chicken dumpling soup . Wraps were light and tasty . Good choice with many menu choices . Friendly staff .
Marquel took care of my friend and I and she was great ! I highly recommend this place great good and cocktails ! ! Thanks so much marquel
Great Burger ! ! comparable to In - n - Out . the fries are fresh and very tasty . A small order of fries was good enough for two people .
Love this place ! ! ! Great Mac n ' cheese ! Love the bottomless mimosas ! ! ! Thanks Jennine !
Fuimos a pasarla súper en la noche anterior pAra poder pasar y hacer Lgo diferente y la verdad la pasamos muy bien matando zombies
This is one of our favorite restaurants close to home . The food is consistently good and the service is excellent . Try the crispy egg rolls ! They are addictive .
It was very delicious ! And the staff was very friendly and pleasant ! The bathrooms are super cool
Best soups in LV filled with wontons and meat Above average entrees without the fillers most places put in , again emphasis on meat or seafood . Very friendly staff and the place is clean .
Really good panini , but not a lot of choices in the menu . Good place for a quick breakfast
Great Location ! Very nice rooms and pool . Great food . The district is really nice . The machines are not the best though .
Great food and great service . I had the spicy ramen - it was delicious . My wife had a few sushi rolls and all were quite good . We ' ll be back for sure .
Mon test ultime de la pizza : commander la plus simple ( margherita ) , arriver à la manger en entier et pleurer de bonheur . En plus toute l ' équipe est super sympathique !
Not a regular indian restaurant . Fusion . Ambience : 5 / 5 . Chettinadu curry - good for 2 persons . Need to try all items here .
Theater was big and clean . Staff is very friendly . The seats are roomy and comfortable . I recommend this theater
Very quaint ramen place along Yonge . Attentive and kind servers . I really enjoyed the Spicy Tan Tan , it ' s not spicy at all and the broth is very flavourful ! .
A really good boba spot ! Pretty busy the time I went , but I loved how the boba was sweet and had bits of salt . It was really good tho ! Service is really friendly !
Cute little tea spot in my area . When my kids and I want something cold and I don ' t feeling like driving far just for boba we come here . My husband love their watermelon slush .
Wonderful little coffee shop ! Delicious espresso and friendly baristas all inside of a comic book store . What more could you ask for ?
Convenient location in downtown Phoenix at the Hyatt Regency . This place is consistently busy with convention traffic and the bagels are always fresh .
This place was great . Great staff and atmosphere . Food was really good and service was outstanding . If you want a place to hang out this place is it .
A very good restaurant for an airport . Good food , good service , nice ambiance . Highly recommended . !
Great service . We are attended immediately . Food served promptly even thou it ' s quite packed . Yummy food too .
Fresh good veggies and quality meats . Priced equal to and in most cases better than food city . Always clean and a courtious staff .
It was not bad , I enjoyed it . I don ' t think their pastas are very good but their sandwiches / burgers are yummy . Food is Cheesecake Factory price , but a dozen times better .
although they take a LONG time to prepare your food , your meal is cooked fresh , has a great taste and is reasonably proportioned . I like sticking to what they do best , their ethnic fare .
Love the decor . The food was pretty good - basically breakfast as expected no thrills and chills . Overall would come back just for the vibe .
Great customer service , got the rental truck fast and easy . Will rent from them again got the biggest size truck moved everything in one trip all for just $ 60 .
I always stop here to grab a bottle of water and a snack prior to my flight . The always have the best snacks !
I love how clean this place is ! Probably one of the cleanest movie theaters I have been in .
Being there many times . Love the food . Patio os great in summer . If you are not Brazilian ( like me ) or not into Brazilian soccer , better try to avoid games night .
The sandwiches are well made and tasty . The pastrami is really good and they don ' t skimp on the meat .
Nourriture EXCELLENTE . Nous avons commander pour emporter le combo A pour deux personnes à 40 $ . Les portions étaient grosses et les trois mets ainsi que la soupe étaient délicieux .
Korean food close by ! Really good ! Big portions ! Definitely will come back ! Wish they had more things on the menu . .
Burger was pretty good considering they have decent amount of toppings in it . Just needed extra ketchup and the burger was a winner compared to the vicinities choices . I ' d try them again any day !
Long wait , but its worth it . Wouln ' t go anywhere else but here . It cheap and I dont know whats in the sauce , but I am addicted .
This is a solid place to dine . There are a number of good choices on the menu , but I ' ve been time and time again for the delicious cob salad .
Nice clean room . Good price . They did not honor the 15 % off yelp discount , but gave me 10 % off instead . Would have given 5 stars if they had honored their own duscount .
Typical airport Starbucks . Staff was friendly and got our order right . What more can you ask for ?
Hey classic diner like place . Lot ' s of moving pieces . . . but I understand why ! This place is awesome . Try the French Toast Sandwich .
I love their cheap morning movies ! you guys rock
Nothing special . A restaurant inside of a themed attraction . Style . Don ' t expect disney world , but totally is refreshing from the desert .
I am so glad I tried this place out . The sushi was excellent and so was the service . I will be coming back for sure .
i like this place . A lot . You should check it out ! Will write more later .
Love the food here . Healthy and tastes good . Decor is solid . Like it after a workout . If the prices were lower , I ' d eat here 2 - 3 times per week .
I came between lunch and dinner , the place was empty and it was divine . The Mac and Cheese with bacon was delicious and the Fish Tacos were realllly good . Great service too .
Great service p homemade hummus is delicious the bully was also very tasty chicken was okay I enjoyed their beef kabob salad
Great spot in a beautiful atmosphere for a drink or meal . I had the lamb shank which wasn ' t the best I ever had but certainly was satisfying .
Best popeyes location . Great service . Owners are hands on and appreciate every customer . Very clean . Has alot of space to eat comfortably . The spicy wings are the truth !
Yummy pho ! ! Service is a little spotty and meat could be better quality but overall good broth and good add ins ! !
Great price and great foods . Wonderful customer service . You could order items from the menu if there were not a able on the belt . I think we found a new all you can eat place .
Steak was prepared properly . . service was great Highly recommend . But if u grill a lot at home the steaks are really nothing special . But is very over priced .
Great find . Would definitely come back . And eat nachos . Lots of nachos . Burgers looked great and excellent happy hour menu . Did I mention the nachos ?
Food was good got seated quickly our server Joseph was very friendly and kept our drinks full before they were empty .
Brand new store . People are friendly . Save money and sign up for rewards program .
Great food enjoyed the soup wish I could try more of the items but on the pricey side
Pretty good food . Similar to Chipotle ' s food . Employees were helpful and was clean even though we had been right after evening rush .
I came across Smart Gym while looking for a protein shake , and received a tour of the facility from George . This is a wonderful local facility that provides everything that you need ! Definitely a fan .
Quite delicious beef pho . Fresh , with large portions . Pretty hard to complain really . I liked it .
Went on a recommendation . Very good . Conch fritters were excellent . Split chicken as well . Had the triple fin fish sandwich . Nice / fresh , although it needed a little salt . Will return .
Super pour le brunch ! Des oeufs bénédictines au saumon excellents et pas chers ! 10 $ taxes incluses . J ' aime ce spot
Went for the Champagne brunch . The service was excellent , not too much to choose from though . The bacon is yummy and the endless champagne didn ' t hurt !
chipotle is my jammmmmzzzzzz i love chipotttlllesssssdalkjdal : sdja : sjd " ! ! ! ! burrito bowl all day every day . steak dat shit . put some of that cheeeeessseeeeeee ! ! ! !
Good and the staff is charming . I am trying to eat more healthy and the food was more flavourful than I expected .
Casual and excellent food . Great beer selection .
Sat at bar after walking out of tru food due to crappy service , great service by Arianna . Had the halibut it was perfect ! Wines by the glass a little weak A little pricey but worth it
Every one here is nice and I always get a good haircut . No complaints and prefer this place to other places nearby .
Good food and just the right spice . Their garden salad was pleasing with our meal . A must if you are looking for great food !
Everything is pretty good but the Veal Parmesan sandwich on a loaf of Italian bread is something you gotta try !
Date Night Special was delicious . Lobster ravioli great , wedge salad with blue cheese dressing also delicious . Used yelp coupon for cuttle fish appetizer and that was also delicious .
Best Pho you ' re gonna find ! Amazing and fresh as ever .
Quite good shaanxi food ! I was debating when I noticed the rating on yelp was not high . Well , worthy trying out .
Pretty good for fast food . I feel their chicken and beef is quality meat compared to other fast food chains . Italian Chicken deluxe is expensive though 10 $ for just a sandwich .
Great place . My son and I had a great buying experience thanks to Todd Nielson and Ben Brown , also Ag . . . . . . . . . . thx Goodman
interesting menu , including specials at lunch hour ; nice folksy staff . Cute setting . If you are a stickler for more " authentic " flavor , order your dish " Thai Spicy "
Hectic , tasty , loud , fun . Always poppin and busy . Reasonable prices and drinks are not bad .
went to Jarry parc and decided to try the fairmont bagel , I tried four bagels and the sesame is the best .
Great local popular spot on carefree highway . Have done breakfast there twice on drive to Sedona and both time place was very popular and equally good . Can ' t go wrong at Heart & Soul !
We enjoyed our supper at this place a lot . Nice ambience and outstanding food . Liked the service very much . Would definitely o to this place with friends again .
Great burgers , great chilli . Good Shake but a small portion for the price charged .
Always a pleasure visiting lost wages . This is part of old Vegas and I guess it is showing as far as the casino area . Others areas have improved .
Yumm , the tiger shrimp tamale , veal chop , mashed potato with pesto ? SUPER DUPER YUM !
Really Really nice . Great service . To cold to check out the patio . This summer ill come by from LA
Been here a few times , i like it . Definitely enjoy their watermelon drink and sandwich options , it feels like a healthier - cleaner meal . Even though not too cheap still very good .
This is a good place to watch game . Intimate surroundings a little bit smaller than the other venues in the area but a good vibe . Needs some updating but was a good time and enjoyable experience .
Nice atmosphere and super attentive servers . The sushi rolls were spendy , but very good and delicious .
Sushi is very fresh and the people are always nice they ' re one of my favorite sushi restaurants in Cleveland
The kitchen is wonderful but go on the weekend , sit at the bar . Dan , likely the best bartender in the city , could not be more fun .
Pretty good indian food . I have eaten here multiple times , and each time the food was delicious . It ' s a small place but we will certainly go back .
Great customer service and a super cool place to be at ! It was surreal standing in the living room of my favorite movie . The gift shop is extremely over priced , but worth the stop !
My family and I have been going here for years . We have always enjoyed our food and the service has been great . The chicken parmesan is the best !
I love their portions and the food is very tasty ! I will definitely visit this place next time I ' m getting slaughtered on the poker table . .
This was a great English Pub . We were looking for steak , but found this . Excellent fish and chips . All home made fish and chicken fingers . Good service .
Yes this place is BA . Try some charcuterie - especially the pate . The turkey pastrami sandwich is amazing . The bloodies could be better tho .
Kind and friendly staff . Called to follow up after procedure as well . Felt comfortable getting surgery done because of the people there .
The sushi there is devine , and the service is great especially if you are eating sushi for the first time .
The new location at Safeway in W . Sedona is such a pleasant place . Technician is polilte , friendly and competent !
I discovered this gem for I live across the street from Art Gallery of Ontario . The soup dumplings are to die for . The place is modern and clean . The service could be improved .
This place food and service is amazing ! Only thing that was continuing for me was they use the same tongs and scissors for the raw and cooked meat . Yikes !
Appétissant comptoir à Viennoiseries juste sorties du four ! ! Nous vous attendons pour les déguster avec un Bon Latte ! !
Staff is always kind and quick in making orders , and the space is surprisingly larger that it appears outside .
One of the best Filipino restaurant in Phoenix AZ . Very friendly staff . Desserts are amazing .
The bagels were quite good and reasonably priced . There was about a 25 minute wait at 11am on a Sunday .
The guys were on time , professional , friendly , and got the job done very quickly . Will use them again in the future . I was even able to pay them using my chase quick pay .
Fresh , tasty food and juices in a great neighborhood . What ' s not to like ?
Order online and it ' s ready to pick - up in 10 - 15 . . . no lines . Fresh and always made to perfection . Try the Ogre ( sp ? ) sauce !
We love this place ! Very friendly , extremely clean and skilled staff . There never is a wait . They have great packsges and pricing
Taste great . Had dinner . Salsa is green and has unique flavor . The steak fajita was very good . I will be back .
Good pepperoni pizza and salad . . . perfect meal . Service was super quick . . . just what we needed after a long haul flight .
Food was great , service good . Only thing keeping it from being 5 stars is it was very very expensive .
The Cowboy Burger was juicy and delicious . The fries seemed over cooked and hard . I would come back .
My friend and I were bored one day and saw this place , so we decided to go . The interior inside is so cute and unique , and the cupcakes were delicious . Would definitely go back .
泊まっているホテルのレストラン！！ ブランチに利用しようと思ってましたが、午後のオープンは17時から！！ 時間的にも合ったので、17時に訪問。 軽く食べるつもりがリコメンド聞いたらあららのがっつりww appetizerはoyster。 そして、salmonのsalad。 どちらも美味しくてやばい。 フレンチは目で楽しみ、テイストでさらに味わう。それが理に叶いました soupはリコメンドしてもらったキャロットtomatosoup！！ これかまためちゃめちゃ美味しい かの有名な、トーマス・ケラーのレシピだとか。絶対家で作ってみます oysterも美味しかったよ！！ メインもお勧めしてもらったchickenがすご〜く美味しくてびっくり！！ 下ごしらえからちゃんとしてるのが伝わってきて、どうやって作ってるか想像しちゃいました！！ それに合わせた美味しいお勧めのワインも頂き、本当に大満足でした。 甘いのが苦手で最後はデザート注文できずごめんなさい。 でも、本当に美味しかったです。 最高でした
Pretty chill spot . No fee , just a place to relax , people watch and dance .
Tapas were delicious , salmon was perfect ! Enjoyed a nice glass of wine and shared a couple different dishes with my wife . The atmosphere is relaxing and quaint .
Great sports bar . Great specials . Good bar food . I ' d give 5 stars , but I found it really really loud . Maybe I ' m just old !
One of the best dive bars around . Cheap but good drinks and a super friendly staff . I ' m so excited for the Third Annual White Trash Bash coming up next Monday .
Great wine selection . Food excellent . Been a fan for 12 years . Lakeside ambiance is overwhelming . Hidden away in desert shores . Worth the effort to find it .
This cozy ballpark has a friendly staff and a nice baseball atmosphere !
This locally owned fast casual Mexican joint features quality food and reasonable prices . My personal favorite is the chorizo and eggs torta , but you really can ' t go wrong with any of the Mexican sandwiches .
Not great value but worth remembering when you are stuck in Mississauga for meetings . Good food quality if you order sensibly .
Damned good , especially the spicy tuna kimbap ! Plus they have this sweet deal where you get free desert if you write a review : )
Pretty fun to take kids and family ! Love their deals and different activities available for my family . Overall a pretty big place and usually many things to do . The pizza is great too !
17 course meal . Mortgage payment after the wine supplement . Classic French . I ' d go through it again
My husband loved the chicken Marsala My eggplant parmigiana was Ok . Coming from NY I am a big critic for eggplant . Fettuccini Alfredo my teenager said creamy
This places rocks , u get huge sandwiches that are superb quality ! the place is cool and the employees here really care ! Highly recommended !
My chicken quesadilla was REALLY good . Chicken , pepperjack , cabbage in a perfectly grilled tortilla . Nice and spicy . Hope I see them around again !
Fast service , had the meat Mousaka - very filling ; place filled up fast during main dinner hours .
Excellent plats , bon rapport qualité prix , mais manque de choix au niveau des desserts
Good service , really heavy food , n healthy options , but our group of five had no complaints . Impressive cocktails .
Always fresh and it would get 5 stars but this is not my favorite place for a bean and cheese and green chili burrito . Still very good though .
Staff was friendly and room was clean . Resonably priced . Would recommend if you are on a budget . Oh , and great location with plenty of shops a restaurants to choose from .
Pricey , but so good . Great vibe . Rent the back room if you can .
Hard to get reservation but worth it . A very nice pricy place . I ordered the veal cheek risotto dish and my brother ordered the monk fish a much to try very tasty meals .
Food was okay . Few issues but were fixed . Service was a little iffy . Did enjoy the area was super clean .
Delicious and friendly staff . However , several items we wanted to order were not available .
Great energy and talent . We had fun and enjoyed the costume changes ! A true Vegas show that needs to be on your to do list at least once !
The food was amazing , Alex our waiter was right on task and very informative in drink selection and made us fill like we were regulars at a corner bar . Had a great time !
Lots of food choice . Pork cheeks were yummy .
I was in town for a conference and found this place on Yelp . Great pour of Steelhead Pinot and awesome crab cakes ! Be sure to check for the 10 % coupon .
best mexican lunch in town . just be prepared to wait in line .
The garlic bread was too doughy for me . However their mussels and linguini were delicious . The portions are more than plentiful . Hubs enjoyed his spaghetti and meatballs .
Great food actually use quality ingredients good pricing ! Order the kung pao chicken and the duck ! Fried rice is good too !
Great dive bar . Love this place . It ' s a classic . No Wi - Fi but good company instead . Everything is really worn out and what not . The perfect dive .
Oysters were great ! Waiter was knowledgable and very helpful . We had two entrees also , both good !
Délicieux , les rouleaux impériault , la salade cambodgienne , la soupe Tom yum et le pad Thai de cet endroit sont des plats auquel je rêves quand je suis loin de beloeil
Been here twice and the food was on point for a bar . Cheap drinks and a cozy atmosphere . The Irish spring rolls are friggin delicious , I ' m craving them as I type this .
OverAll food was pretty good I felt the ribeye should had more flavor but everything else was awesome I wouldn ' t mind going back
They do All you can eat good prices good food . The Drungness crab is the bomb . korean chicken wing is my favorite .
Reggae Saturday . Chill environment . good priced drinks . Good riddims spinning till the early morning ! Always my back up plan once I ' m done with the other reprised choas of the strip !
Great food , amazing service , and a great ambiance . Definitely an authentic churrascaria experience ! If you love meat , this place is a must go ! !
Nice place . Like the atmosphere . Prices aren ' t bad and the food is real good . . . The sushi chef even has a sense of humor .
Live across the street , come here often . Food is always excellent , service is usually good but sometimes could be better . Love the spicey pizza they have
Have been here twice in last 2 months very good both times . Queso is great . Service can be a tad slow but if not in a hurry it ' s good food .
This surprising gem has excellent hamburger and lots of crispy french fries for $ 5 . 00 ! ! A real treat to have a large batch crispy fries ! I ' m definitely going back !
Amazing poutine ! ! The bourguiguonne one is perfect , as is their 3 cheese poutine ( if you like blue cheese ) . They make ' em right !
My wife had the El Jeffe burrito and said it was delicious . I had the big breakfast and it was very good as well .
Lovely upscale atmosphere , with comfy seats and cool lounge music . The Bento box lunch specials and service are great
Great local place with awesome happy hour , great pork green chili mac n cheese . Great service , nice patio dinning .
Been here a number of times . Consistently good service and food quality . Good for kids and adults .
I have been here many times and can usually find a unique piece for myself or a gift . Worth the visit .
Such a cute place with a great selection ! Very comfortable setting and the Dark Chocolate Frozen Mocha was delicious ! I will definitely be going back .
Very clean family diner with all day breakfast and senior discounts . Very good Monte Cristo sandwich , crispy fries and good sized portions . Kept the coffee filled too .
Signature dishes . Love the place and the food . We ordered fish cake and it was amazingly good .
Poutine et général tao dans un même plat le paradis quoi ! ! ! Beau petit restaurant excellent choix pour les familles ou un repas à deux
Friday and Saturday nights they have a DJ and dance floor . It ' s getting really popular now and the cheap drink deal Jagger and JD honey for only 2 . 50 $
Go there for lunch meal ! It ' s sooo cheap ! Steak and shrimp Habachi only around 25 $ and sashimi combo only 15 $ . The chef is funny and will offer you sake !
Love the school special , I get it every time ! The garlic knots are totally to die . I come here like once a week and I love the staff .
Delicious and attractive . Saltier than my preference , but we ' ll be back anyway : everyone in the family enjoyed what they ordered ,
Went here for dinner an the service an food were very good ? Had the SA - TE Dinner an the Thai iced tea both were delicious . First time going here an will definitely go back .
Great Eastern european cuisine , truly authentic dishes . Staff is friendly and helpful . The only thing is a bit pricey .
Food was very good , especially for a buffet , love the grill selections . Our server , Lisa , was awesome and great with all our kids ! We ' ll definitely be dining here again !
Hey . . . looks like Skyline Chili from Cincinnati ! Maybe that ' s what it is . . . ? ? ? Pizza is awesome !
This place was jam packed full for the two days . The ice cream is good , although they should be a little more generous with the portions .
I am from NYC and no one has better pizza than in Brooklyn . This place belongs there ! Loved everything I had !
There has been a change of staff and the service is so much better . Bravo to bringing the correct items in a timely manner !
Yum , still dreaming about the tofu hummus sandwich . . . If it came with a small side salade it would be a 5 * , but very good casual place .
Great lunch on the patio ( in May ) with great friends . Just a note . . . be sure to know your parking options before you go downtown . There is close parking for this venue .
Love it . Fantastic coffee ( Lavazzo ) , a wonderful owner , chocolate cookies to die for , and a general cool ambiance . Great for a rainy day .
This ice cream rocks . It is the best I have ever had . Beats Mary Coyles for sure ! Two thumbs up . All fresh , made here , and awesome flavors ! # vino2ultimate # vinosquared
Great food , casual atomosphere and cool location .
This is definitely my favorite sandwich shop near the Tremont area ! I love everything thing about it , especially how flavorful the sandwiches are . . Only complain is how pricey is can be !
Looking for coffee ? I didn ' t think rocky mountain chocolate factory could outdo the starbucks around the corner . . . But they have a killer coconut hazlenut latte !
Delicious . Got eggs classic Benedict . Loved the hash browns . Tasty . Worth it . The pancakes we got were okay I could have lived without ordering them
Go here ! Everything was good , drunken noodles were fantastic . Great atmosphere ; polite , quick service . Wish it was just around the corner from me .
Will definitely be coming back ! The briased beef short rib with parsley puree was absolutely amazing ! ! Old fashions are also on point !
This place has really good tea , esp the jasmine tea . The food seems overpriced .
It ' s four stars because service was fast . Order was correct , food was hot and it was good for ihop . No complaints here .
Great beer selection , low prices and nicely decorated interior . Enjoyed it as a casual drink .
The food here is really really good . I would eat this over Subway or Firehouse any day of the week .
My go to sushi place . Never busy friendly staff , but gets distracted sometimes and forget to give the check . Also will eat watermelon and offer you some .
I always stop here for dim sum on a visit home . Eat dumplings in style in an old - school mansion .
Good food . Service is usually pretty good . Jessica is always a pleasure I you are lucky enough to have her take care of your table .
Unexpectedly nice brunch spot . The space is large and they weren ' t very busy , but it ' s on the pricier side . The dishes were small but tasty .
位于Vaughan Mills商场内 , 著名名牌高级百货店Holt Renfrew的Outlet , 变成简单Hr2 . 店内分清男女部，名牌包包类不算多，可能换季或换新货，少了好多包包类。一线名牌的鞋类都有，断码多， 码数和款式合适的话可以超值价钱买到。时装类分布有点散，饰物类也唔多
Decent Chinese food ( I recommend the shrimp lettuce wraps ) , and good service ( at least tonight for me ) . You ' d better know how to order .
We love this place . The food is decent for a $ 5 lunch . I don ' t know where else you can get AYCE for that price .
Bbq & buffalo wings was on point as well as the bacon cheese fries ! Customer service was great too . Will definitely come back when given a chance .
I love this sushi spot . Great food and atmosphere . Sushi menu is a little short but nice .
I eat lunch here quite frequently , breakfast also . Great food cooked fresh & friendly staff .
First time experience at Bowl of Pho . Great food and friendly service . Definitely recommended !
They just changed the name to Bowlology but it ' s the same inside . Delicious Acai bowl called Berry Good bowl is a winner , but of course it ain ' t cheap .
I LOVE this place ! Friendly and provide great service . I highly recommend to anyone ! Everyone at my office goes to Lee for their nails .
Pretty yummy place . Try the roasted cauliflower as an appetizer , steak frites , great salmon . Fun cocktails , nice wine and beer menu . The outside seating is beautiful with fire pits , comfy seating .
Goood food , great atmosphere . Staff was very helpful . So far I had the tacos but hopefully the whole menus is good .
Thank you to Randy for the awesome service in the drive thru ! Wish North Scottsdale DC Ranch area has a Panera drive thru !
Fresh options for me with a nice greasy cheeseburger / fries for him . Friendly staff rapid serve time perfectly paced prior to catching a flight .
A really great school district . Makes the previous school district that my kids attended look like a sick joke .
This place has great bubble tea , it ' s 6 $ for a Royal No . 9 Milk Tea . It has a mellow unique sweetness .
Good breakfast and pretty good service . The meat lovers omelette was large and disappeared from my plate . So that ' s a good sign .
Went there for a business dinner . All of the meals were great , good wine list . The bananas foster dessert was amazing .
Had lunch here twice . Always good and friendly . Should come and try their duck fat fries and all kind of beers !
Very authentic cowboy bar , with outdoor fire pit , music and bulls riding show on Wednesday and Fridays .
The service was great , the food was clean and nice , and a buck a shuck between 6 - 7 . Enough said .
Stopped after seeing they were open , quite good sushi , had Bento box for lunch , Cali Roll had ready crab , very tasty , I ' ll be back
Busy Starbucks Just another Starbucks
Recently went to the Lowrider show this past weekend but any show or function at this venue is always well organized . One of the best locations to attend any event .
Some of best KBBQ all you can eat I ' ve had . Great meats , very clean , nice looking spot . Open late as well .
Delicious food and great service . Nice quiet atmosphere for lunch or dinner ! I recommend the Bangkok curry !
Good was great my tummy is very happy . Staff was slammed so service could be better . Line out the door before it even opened and through our entire meal days something about the quality
Took my mom here for her birthday , and we had a great time ! The pedicures were fantastic , they lasted about 2 hours ! The massage chairs were extremely comfortable .
I really dig this place ! Great food and the cucumber margaritas are a must try !
Pho broth has great flavor , overall the rare steak pho that I had was great but the service from the older lady server was not good at all !
un peu cher . . . mais c ' est vraiment bon . mention spéciale pour les pimientos de padron . . . comme en Espagne .
Great food and fun on Clean Comedy night a few weeks ago . Packed house . A complete success . Hope you guys do it again and again and again .
Easy in and out . Crazy expensive beer , just like the big leagues . Plenty of walking room and viewing spots . Place is crawling with people . I ' ll be back .
The fajitas are delious , carne asada tacos are amazing . Great food and drinks . The price is reasonable also .
Solid pizza considering this is Las Vegas . For a Chicago chef I expected more , but definitely a better alternative to Grimaldis .
got some of my stones checked and cleaned while shopping . nice too know you can drop off your rings and shop then when done pick them up all sparkly and new .
awesome food . . . . . found this place while vising from the far west valley will definetly be back worth the drive homemade chips and the bean dip was great thanks again .
Nice ambience , the cheese platter and cold cuts were wonderful .
A piece of cleveland in vegas . Vegas doesnt charge for bags cleveland doesnt have slot machines . Vegas isnt 24 hours Quality . Cleanliness
Still good , but still expensive if you have an appetite . Maybe I need to be on a diet , since I need 2 burgers and a frites - sauce to be full .
Awesome food - - delicious ! ! ! The staff is very friendly and prompt to fill water , replace bread ! Definitely suggest !
The food are great . Cilantro jalapeño chicken , chicken taco , nacho and mango margarita are so delicious . Danny M is our server and he is awesome . Everyone should ask for Danny M .
I came here twice and the food is very nice ( try the dessert too ! ) and the service is too ! Recommended !
Unique wood fired pizza . Arugula , sun dried tomatoes - yummy . Great wine selection . Can be very busy on weekends do go by 5 . Great happy hour . Unique salads .
Very good upscale Mexican restaurant . Ordered the short ribs , which were not on the menu , but very delicious !
The lines are long but move fast so don ' t let them deter you from coming here . The burgers are damn good as is the BBQ chicken pizza .
Really good Ruben sandwich ! Love the sweet potato fries ! The service is great ! Go to this place and see for yourself .
Great service and pretty good food . One star reduction for value since it ' s keg or cattle baron quality but a few dollars more .
It is near by my house , food is nice and cheap . Service was slow , but I still go there every week .
I have been a few times and the have some of the best hummus ! Definitely need to work on the meats because I ' ve had it dry a few times but over all good flavored
Le personnel très chaleureux . Grand espace ouvert et éclairé . Idéal pour le travail et la lecture . Très agréable comme ambiance .
I have been to this location many times over the years and have not been disappointed . The Macho salad was delicious and the cornbread was just as good as I remember .
Awesome ! Have been there like 4 times already and it ' s consistently excellent ! Service is great as well . Wait staff knows the menu well .
Friendly staff . Awesome pho ! I usually bounce back and forth between p2 rare beef pho and BBQ beef and rice . Both are awesome . My only complaint is the portion seems smaller than before .
This place is awesome . I love the $ 2 tacos on Wednesday and Thursday night during the comedy shows . Which are pretty funny ! The burritos are awesome too !
The lunch specials are great for a great price . I would not recommend sitting in the outside " covered " area because it has poor ventilation and it always hot and muggy . Other than that , great
Nice food , tasty and fresh but pretty expensive . If you are for gourmet food this the place ! If you are really hungry and looking for a quick meal you may be disappointed .
Experience is great . . . the food is delicious ! ! Make sure you order saki bomber together if not they over charge for the beer . . cheaper to get it together
I order burgers from UberEATS here and there , thought I would give these guys a try . . . . they destroy the competition . Big , classic , simple , effective . My new go to !
Amazing steak cooked to perfection . Steak connoisseurs you must try the heart of ribeye . The outside crust was charred just right bringing tears to my eyes after the first bite .
Price is SUPPPPPER cheap for what you get ! Head there for breakfast on occasion before school , something worth checking out , however it was very busy and I don ' t recommend eating in
Classic Southside stop Flirt with attractive college Drunks while being crushed .
Tried the new bread bowl . Tasty but the stew could have been warmer . Enjoyed the omelette . Service is always attentive and solid .
yum . . . my mouth is watering . Do it yourself BBQ is my favorite . I drive half way across town sometimes just to get my fix !
dope spot for kicks . nice selection and customer service . i saw lupe fiasco there last time i went .
Great dinning experience , the service was amazing and the food was great
It ' s a nice airport . Not too big , not too small . While I ' m waiting for my flight there ' s a lot of things to do and see .
I have had to call on Irrigation Repair Services twice and have been very pleased both times . The team has been very responsive and resolved the issue immediately once on site .
This place is super cute and perfect for moms to get together and hangout while letting the little ones run around . Very kid friendly ! Plenty of open space .
Love the food at this place . They do however wrap every sandwich up in about 10 square feet of paper making unrolling it an adventure . I ' ve lost more than a few this way .
This place is fabulous ! Came with a Groupon , but didn ' t realize that in addition to traditional Portuguese fare they have live entertainment in the form of ballroom dancing . Very cool !
A great Pittsburgh tradition . The fries are outrageous ! ! Great place to go when you are extremely hungry . . .
One of my favorite places to visit while in Vegas ! ! ! ! Happy hour after a day of shopping ! !
Love this casino ! The smoke isn ' t too bad , and everything is in great condition . The food options are awesome . The theater can get a little crowded .
Great flavor ! A little too much frosting for me , but still yummy ! The cupcake boxes had a plastic lining at the bottom to keep the cupcake from falling over , which was a nice touch .
I love this place ! good customer service and good food . It ' s my go to sushi spot !
We come here for oysters and they are delicious . I really like the decor here , too .
The coffee is really good . Cool to see them roasting it there . They also have beer on tap .
Their breakfast burritos ( served all day ) and chicken burritos are delicious and filling . Simple ingredients , authentic . Wednesday is $ 1 chicken taco day and 3 of them fill me up !
Marinella does an awesome job coloring my hair . I highly recommend her for color and cuts .
Went again , cept for the 2 kimchi side dishes being closer to raw and not much pickled . Still good but might kinda hit or miss on the pickled sides .
can ' t beat this place for fast friendly service , good prices and that retro diner feel . i love the biscuits ' n gravy ! !
While in Toronto with the race team I ended up eating here 3 times ! That good ! Their peppercorn New York strip was worth it . I ' ll be back next season .
Pizza is the size of three slices ! Garlic , mushroom is the best toppings ! They are fast , clean and polite . Recommended for late night eats .
Garlic bread delicious ! Pizza phenomenal ! Wish it was more like deep dish but crust tasted great ! Staff was wonderful !
Excellent good and service . Waiter was friendly with great recommendations . I recommend for a date night .
Spent an early evening there last night . Great bar staff x3 and one man band . Live music was awesomely entertaining which went with the personal touch of the staff and tequila !
Love the pizza , so good . People are polite . It ' s always busy . Great spot , way better than Scottsdale location . Definitely will be returning !
Beautiful and amazing ! I hope the gallery can be free for admission ticket . I don ' t want to spend over 15 dollars in a gallery
Nice atmosphere , friendly attentive service , good food . Free papadoms . Everything I tasted was good : chicken pakora , papal paneer , garlic naan , mango lassi .
Very cute cozy restaurant . Good service and Their Molcajete is pretty tasty and so hot at the beginning .
Very clean delicious food . Food to not weigh you down ! It was very pricey for what we got !
Good place to let off some stress ! Love the staff pretty cool . Prices are reasonable , unlimited targets , free pop corn and soda . Close to freeway quick in n out shooting .
I love the ambiance . I really like the pedicure . However the individual who gave me the manicure could have done much better .
Solid place for breakfast , lunch , coffee or a baked goods craving ! Great spot for a post run brunch or breakfast on the weekends .
I love staying at highland park Northlake . The staff is friendly and always willing to help . EJ made my first rental experience so easy : )
Yummy food ! Love the chicken and ground beef combo with rice ! Super awesome combo and great post workout ! ! Sauce is yummy
I love coming here for happy hour after a long day at work . Great atmosphere , beer and their chicken rolls are so yummy !
Tasty food , great view friendly staff nice romantic place for a date highly recommended
Food is decent ( as far as gastropubs go ) , but I ' m a fan of their happy hour prices and dance floor on weekends .
Love this place ! Everything is super fresh and the owner supports local growers . Its a nice place to just chill too .
Spinach Benny ! My first time here , but I only ordered for take - out . Speedy service and love the friendly staff ! !
Went threw the drive thru . . it was real good and fresh order was just the way I had asked
A little chatty ( we had 4 cars in line and the guy right in front of me took longer than the 2 guys before him combined ) but otherwise fast service . I recommend them .
The new tennis courts are almost done . They look really nice and the lights are a lot better now for playing tennis in the evenings . Nicest public courts I ' ve seen !
This is a very quiet bar they do have games and the food is pretty good . There is a lounge area where you can watch the game or multiple games at once .
They were friendly . Also pretty cheap as compared to the other convenient stores near downtown Pittsburgh . There also cooked food here but I only brought things to take back to he room .
Good neighborhood sushi . Small but good . The fish is always fresh and the service good . Love the rolls without rice . My son loves to eat veggie rolls and watch football here .
Packed to the ceiling with crap . But you never know what you will find . Is very claustrophobic ! Hard to move around and very dusty .
Surf & turf slider are really good ! We had to order more . Pot pie balls were delish ! But wAtch out there hot ! ( Temp ) tacos were tasty but small . Worth the trip
Consider a 4 star since the service is good and the pho is pretty good . Still a little too much msg in the soup . In Scarborough this it a very good Vietnamese noodle place .
We were staying at the Marriott and just wanted something close . The food was amazing . I had the scallops - YUM ! The service was great and the selection of craft beer and wines was awesome .
Great Happy Hour deal . Appetizers are outstanding . That quesadilla is amazing . Beautiful staff and friendly locals .
Love this store , everyone is friendly and helpful . If you haven ' t tried Clicklist , give it a shot . Love Clicklist !
A favorite . The burgers are good but the chicken sandwich is my go to . Best sweet potato fries in town ! Onion rings are on point too .
Fresh , affordable . Amazing citrus salad with perfect peanut chicken ! I ' m going to miss this place . . . definitely the best place in the farmers market .
First time there , food was great but a bit overpriced in my opinion . Most of the staff had good service .
We enjoyed out lunch buffet and would visit again . Customer service was great and waiter attentive to tables and needs . Good was good too .
Feb 2016 - Saturday brunch AMAZING $ 5 Classic breakfast . Good coffee . Very friendly service .
Prices aren ' t bad and the lunch special was great . Decent falafel pita with fries . You must try the Greek dries as well , smothered in feta ! Yum !
The work done here is super . Although the ladies may not be as warm as other places they do a great job blowing out my hair beautifully !
Nice clean mall with a ton or variety stores from high end to lower end . Decent food court and outside there is more restaurants . A good place to just walk around and shop
Great pizza friendly service , nice addition to the area .
If you like good food and drinks , then this place is for you , It gets crowded and the communal picnic tables get a little awkward , so I recommend finding a seat at the bar .
Great location . Very clean . Excellent staff and excellent concierge .
Had a wonderful dinner with a very large party . The service was fantastic . We ordered pasta , chicken and seafood dishes . All were very fresh and tasty . Will be back soon .
Pretty darn good , odd ordering system but once you do it it works pretty good . A lot more options than a subway . They are open on Sundays even though yelp says they are closed
Their shawarma dinner plates are huge . Rice is so flavorful and so is the meat . You also get a generous portion of veggies on the side .
Fantastic cocktails ! Killer happy hour deals ! Not super crazy about everything on the menu but will definitely be back for more !
We come here for trivia every time we visit Chandler . The food is good , the drinks are good , and the staff is very friendly . The Wednesday and Thursday trivia nights are lots of fun .
Nice waffle and friendly environment . The toppings are great and tasty . It ' s just a bit too sweet . Come here with friends would be a great choice for brunch or afternoon tea .
An excellent small suhsi place . I used to not like suhsi but this place made it so good that I started to like sushi . We now go there on a regular basis .
Excellent selection of wines , foods not to bad either . Haven ' t been here in a while since I moved to other side of town and miss coming here after work .
Great food , phenomenal wait staff . Everything you would expect from a premium steak joint in Vegas .
The service as well as the food at I Love Sushi was great . Our server had made the overall experience even that much better due to her attention to detail . Will be back .
Really great variety of pub food with a chef ' s touch Ribs : 5 / 5 Mac & Cheese : 5 / 5 Biscuits & Gravy : 4 / 5 Service 4 / 5
Fatburger was good . Onion rings were okay . Lemonade was refreshing .
Looooved this sushi restaurant . So many great and tasty options to choose from . The desserts are great . The service was fast . Best of all the prices were unbeatable .
Amazing wine list . Great service too even though they did put bacon on a vegetarian dish . I would happily go back .
The 49 wings on Thursday is worth the trip . Great service Wings more tasty and good size . Food was serve hot and fast . Got my vote to return .
This café restaurant is the place to hangout to eat and have delicious desert . Very friendly atmosphere and staff . I just like this place inside out
We ' ll love Garcia ' s , as a great neighborhood restaurant with good food at a reasonable price .
They have the best onion rings . I don ' t even like onion rings but I always order Ted ' s onion rings .
Had the Grapefood Salad and pork belly miso soup ramen food is great will go there again
Great atmosphere not the biggest place but the food and drinks are very tasty and unique . The tacos are excellent and so are the drinks . try the carne asada taco ! !
I like their Columbian Veggie hotdog . I really appreciate that a hot dog place has vegetarian options ! Good service !
The perfect spot for a color or cut or even just to glam it up for a night ! Perfect for someone on vacation to Las Vegas or locals . A must on your Vegas list !
Pretty cool place . I ' d recommend to tourists or locals .
The food is pretty decent and staff are always nice . I think what really keeps me coming back is their stamp program where you can get a free meal after so many visits + military discount .
Finally found a place to satisfy my greedy palate . Creative flavors thats not too salty or spicy . I ordered jerk chicken , pumpkin rice , cabbage and plantains .
Always good , Nevers let you down . Friendly staff . I ' ve been in different Amyr ' s and this one is always consistent and clean .
Clean , nice , easy atmosphere and they use great products ! I will return and recommend ! ! !
1st time here . The food is excellent . A nice alternative to mexican , fast food , or sandwiches .
Starting to look a little shabby in the units . Love the Lazy River , though .
Nice Korean BBQ in Las Vegas and everything on menu so good . And service very fast . I recommend for you If you wanna eat BBQ
My girlfriend and i love Meskerem ! The Sambusa is absolutely delicious ! I ordered the lamb tibs and it was cooked perfectly ! I love the spicy lentils and greens !
Damn good food . This place is noticeably better than the Palm . You can ' t go wrong with anything you order .
Always a tasty burger , awesome customer service . My thanks go out to the management for actually listening and acting upon guest surveys .
Had a great date there in the sunroom . Actually ate a salad - and it was good ! The drinks are reasonably priced . Went back again and there was trivia night
Great tacos and gauc ! Wish it were easier to get into and less expensive considering portions .
great al pastor tacos , fast friendly and fresh , menu items look delicious , have not tried them for I love a good al pastor and these rock
Waiter has no voice left and is still the nicest waiter ever . Derek . Nice atmosphere . Pricey for sure .
We always go to Lawry ' s whenever we ' re in Vegas and it never disappoints ! Love the food and service is usually good as well .
Went there twice and had great experiences . The sandwiches and soups were very good . They are friendly and to sit outside in the summer of Toronto is such a pleasure !
nancy is the best , i got a pedi done by her and the best foot massage ever . the other girls are really nice , ana and cindy . i definitely recommended this place .
This place has really good al pastor but the amount of meat to cost ratio and slightly soggy corn tortia brought down 1 star for me .
I ' m a combination of a sushi novice and picky eater and this place fulfilled ! Delicious . Girl , you with the weird sushi " weirdness , " this place gets my vote . GO .
Really good pizza and a great happy hour ! Unfortunately , I feel like the service is hit or miss . They have a cozy little patio with comfy chairs .
Best pork bone soup in town , I prefer the Yonge location . The soup is very flavourful and rich . The pork was tender and moist . Would definitely be back !
Great seafood incredible location nice design to Decore . Not so good with customer service or scheduling reservations timeliness . .
I had the breakfast burrito , so hot n tasty . Full of flavor , large enough for 2 meals or hungry hungry hippo .
Old hole in the wall bar Service was good as are the prices Mixed demographic from young to old Limited bar menu Overall a good experience
Decent Chinese food for the price . My family ordered the family deal . It fed all 4 of us . The wonton soup is delicious . I recommend China Wan wan
Came here before a Suns game . I ' ll definitely be back ! We ate some great appetizers and they had a good selection of beer .
Some great items for even greater prices . Clearance items are great . Merchandise is well made and solid basic wear that everyone needs . Recommend !
very excellent and authentic . if you would like to try some that is different than what you typically expect in the valley , please try this place . we will definitely be back .
Out of the way , friendly museum of local nature and history . Interesting collection of cartoon illustrations .
Consistently good Mexican food , fair prices and friendly staff . A go to spot for sure .
Excellent service , lobster mash was delicious . Everything else was also . . . . . . . . buttercake .
This place is great ! Would be 5 stars but they got rid of shuffleboard !
Another great birthday lunch on a cold , gray Akron day . We enjoyed our blackened chicken salad and artichoke / chicken pizza on a quiet Wednesday . Great menu choices and wait staff .
My party ordered the Montreal smoked meat sandwich and the Reuben . I like both sandwiches . Both were tasty but I like the Reuben better as it has sauerkraut . The sandwiches come nicely wrapped .
Bare bones room , great benny . MEC across the street doesn ' t open until well after breakfast , so there ' s plenty of free parking , too .
I thought we had a good Nordstrom in Vegas till I came here ! Whoa . . . The shoe department is good and the kids even better . Everything we love but mini .
I was contacted by Ashley the manager and she addressed the situation and took great care of me . I will give it another try and you should too !
The Korean fried chicken here is beyond delicious . Fast , attentive service and amazing food . Very fun atmosphere for going out and drinking and enjoying some Korean food .
Got the Mushroom Swiss . People where fast and nice . The burger was good as well . Lots of fries ! !
The O is known for their sarcastic staff and their fries and hotdogs . I also love their veggie subs and portabella burger . I owe all my " freshmen 15 " to the O .
Tried the Cuban Sammish . Was very good and I will be coming back again . Only negative was Pepsi products . At least they have fresh Iced tea !
My favorite insane buffalo wings . I am kinda addicted to the insane spiciness . It just hit your tongue and then your month is on fire . Lol
I have been to this salon for 4 years now . I moved to Raleigh with work once and still came back every two weeks .
Marcus helped us purchase our first Tempurpedic & we were very impressed with his knowledge & salesmanship ! ! He had my husband with his phone trick then that was it !
The boba was good and I ordered a spam masubi . Ddnt know it actually comes with more than one piece .
I like this place . Decor . Ambiance . Big wood doors . Wings are excellent . Enough to drive more to go there . Burgers to try ! The patio view is nice !
Such an awesome place . Great ambiance and amazing food . I was waiting for a place that serves good paella . . . . and luckily I found it !
I wish this palace has more classes and a sauna just for women like other center . I still come here because near at work but I choose the other one when I have time .
Mmmmm . Their Egg drop soup is sooo good as is the General Tso ' s , and they deliver FAST !
Very good burritos . California and Nevada my favorites . Good price and fast service . Would come back for sure .
If you like thick coffee , then the coffee here is a must try . This is way better than the other pho / Vietnamese restaurants on this street .
All you can eat and you could choose from any roll . Great bang for your buck and very yummy ! I ' m glad I found this place !
The beer was very good . I had a peach flavored beer that was very refreshing . Food was very good .
Calamari perfect and fresh . Mozzarella and heirloom tomatoes should be paired with a nice glass of wine . Their garlic bread was Amazing .
I love this target and loving the remodel ! ! I ' m never stuck in long lines and it ' s always easy returns . . staff is friendly as well .
The best shawarma I ' ve ever had . Been trying other shawarma places to see how they compare but have yet to find one like this place .
Bavarian Creme donuts : ) Dunkin Donuts Coffee : ) Open 24 hours : ) Nice staff : ) Convenient location : ) What more should I say people : )
I miss the Johnny ' s of old great food reasonably priced in a funky restaurant . The food is very good and the service exceptional , the interior is stylish . You won ' t be disappointed .
Went here recently . Food was hot and fresh . The lady at the drive thru was super polite .
Oysters were great ( and cheap on Mondays ) and I surprisingly loved their curry , great flavours and great beers too .
Great burgers and sandwiches . The beer selection is large and they have good choices . The wait is never bad and everyone is very inviting and friendly .
Their taro milk tea is perfect . I add pearls ( which are always perfectly cooked and sweetened ) for an extra $ 0 . 50 .
The food here is very good as well as all organic meats and veggies . There were also vegan options . This was a great find . Give it a try . You won ' t be disappointed .
Good food , good desserts , good location for basketball and baseball . Really noisy
My pizza ratings for Pittsburgh : # 1 Mineo ' s # 2 Fiori ' s # 3 Aiello ' s That said , a bronze medal is pretty damn good ! Solid slices . No BS .
I walked in a was greeted with a great blend of scents . A blend of popcorn and coffee . Friendly staff , fast service , great atmosphere .
We ate here twice and the food was very good but better the first night than the second . The owner was very friendly and personable . Atmosphere could be improved and modernized .
Very nice atmosphere and great patio . This place gets packed Friday and Saturday nights . We came early after a Spring Training game and had some drinks and food . The brussel sprouts were pretty tasty .
My girlfriend and I went for our anniversary and we were treated like royalty . The food was excellent ! We ordered the honeyed bacon brussel sprouts , lamb , and wolfish .
Very good service . Steak was a little dry , didn ' t like the potato salad . Empanadas were cold but good flavour .
Tasty , thin , soft crusted , greasy and cheesy pizza . All Great things . The crust has a buttery garlicy sauce . mmm . . .
Great food , attentive staff and competitive prices . Well worth a try !
Haven ' t a negative thing to say , perhaps the pleasant greeting from all 3 beautiful Ladies as we entered , and Randy our server handled it well .
Not the greatest variety for us who don ' t eat pork and would have liked more vegetarian alternatives but you can ' t beat the prices !
Pricey , but delicious ! This is one of those special places I enjoy going to because I only go every once in a great while . The food has always been top - notch !
Excellent prime galbi . Enjoyed the tongue and the soup . Attentive service . Cold beer was a nice plus .
Great for special occasion . Went for wedding anniversary dinner . Got the steak and it was cooked just right . Don ' t have to dress up which we like .
The chile rellano and taquitos were excellent in strip mall ambiance !
I really loved the creamy cauliflower soup and the salads are great and fresh ! Customer service was great as we ' ll ! I ' ll definitely go back . The vegetarian options are plentiful !
Great breakfast and never a dull moment here . Thanks Jessica for such a friendly and welcoming service . We will be eating this great breakfast til tomorrow . Lol yUm !
this place has legit mexican fare , the burritos were great and tostadas were excellent too , I highly recommened this place over say a chain place like chipotle or taco del mar
Good food but wait staff sometimes have trouble understanding special dietary instructions ( i . e . lactose , vegan , etc ) their takoyaki fries are really good !
The food was really good ! I enjoyed the chicken its cooked really well . It just a very small cramped place tho , but the food was great !
We stop here each time we are at Mandalay Bay . Nice atmosphere , and a great menu with wide selection of sake . Thanks to Braden for guiding us to some new dishes this time !
Love their burritos ! ! ! ! ! You ' ll get a hit or miss on their customer service but their portion sizes are worth it ! ! ! !
This is my go - to place for cheap beer and the burgers are very good too . It is a dive bar , so don ' t mind the layer of dust on the blinds lol
Great atmosphere , friendly people and good coffee . There was a line up but it was handled quickly and cheerfully . We ' d come back for sure !
Great menu - - vegan , vegetarian , meat and dessert options ! Family - owned and very friendly . Expensive , but worth it .
I have been hesitant to find a stylist here in PHX due to prices . I went to Allison at Coiffeur ' s and she was great !
I stayed at Trump Hotel during the Builders Show . This place is very nice and spacious . The bathroom is huuuuuggge ! I would stay here again .
My first time here and I was pleased with the experience - the salon was clean , the staff helpful , and the price was right . Looking forward to a future visit .
This may be one of the best kept secrets in Vegas . They are not owned by the casino so they are not restricted on their budget for quality . Awesome staff and even better food ! !
All fresh . Coffee is great along with pastries . The sandwiches have fresh rolls and ingredients . I love the three cheese sandwich . Differing daily soup options , butternut squash soup was so tasty .
The spa facilities are nice . Needs some work outside . Only two of the jets stations work in the outdoor pool . It is very relaxing . A nice spa date .
Delicious acai bowls , definitely recommend the body builder . Only thing they can improve is getting friendlier cashiers . They have a big high school client base and the cashiers are not the nicest to them .
We loved this place . Sushi was delicious and very nice service .
Nothing different from a gourmet sandwich shop but pretty good all together .
The food was quick and the service was good . My only issue was that the place smelled a little like plastic . Their biscuits were BOMB !
Took longer than expected , but my guy did an amazing job ! ! ! ! It was one of the only salons that did SNS that I saw in Vegas - $ 45 for an SNS manicure .
A friendly husband and wife make fresh and tasty bbimbbap , pork bone soup , and other standard Korean dishes . Friendly , fast and reasonably priced . Always enjoy coming here !
I like urban beans , my hot chocolate was gorgeous , needed more peppermint , but was good .
You will definitely like the variety of taste they have . BTW don ' t forget to try Chicken stew its so delicious .
Awesome for the street taco category . The Pastor was mind - blowing and the gorditas are just next level .
Super fresh & tasty Vietnamese food in the desert . Fresh rolls and food so , so good . Not for the faint of heat ( spice ) hearted .
I loved the food at this place . Their vegetarian Pho is great as are the spring rolls . They have a decent selection of local beers as well . Will have to come again sometime .
Fresh and delicious ! Great service and very helpful . Will be going back again ! The drawback paying 50¢ for refills .
Fresh good food with great service . I ' ts not the cheapest place to eat , but in this case , you get what you pay for . I ' m sure ill be back !
Great Happy Hour ! ! ! ! Food was decent . - - - need to eat before to many drinks so I will review again .
I was quite surprised . . . . Friday Night Fish Fry = Yummy . Huge portions of freshly made fish that just melts in your mouth .
$ 20 Brunch including Mimosas , can ' t go wrong : ) Food was good , would definitely return .
Great place for sushi . The rolls are very large and the price is great . For $ 3 - 4 you get 6 very large pieces . The service is pretty good .
6 of us we went on sat night . Did the tasting Menu . Lots of food lots of different flavors . Loved the place , great atmosphere and friendly service . Will come back for sure .
Been very happy so far . They aren ' t the cheapest around , but they do a great job and don ' t try and push anything unnescessary .
Enjoy coming to this venue . Events here are always reasonably priced and the space is just the perfect size .
Had the medium blueberry with caramel pecan dip . Ice cream had a nice flavour an texture but the dip was too thick for my liking . Would go back again
Just discovered Chambers on First . Nice atmosphere great happy hour and nice menu with lots of choices and very tasty too .
Yum . Cheap , Asian food off the Strip . I had no idea Vegas had a Chinatown but I ' m glad I found it .
They will grill your crab with garlic and green onions if you ask . Delicious - the taste is reminiscent of Crustaceans .
Super fun club that welcomes all people and has great pop music you can sing along to !
Enjoyed my pics of pastry today normally get it at Safeway but decided to try out this place
Excellent breakfasts ! You can get the country potatoes plain but they come with seasoning so you have to ask for plain .
Catch a game here , they have Nice strip Views , Cold expensive beers and lots of games to play .
I just bought my first destroyer Italian hoagie . It looks delicious can ' t wait to try it Triangle Bar And Grill is mostly a take out order place for sandwiches and hoagies
Great pizza and AMAZING cannolis . Very cool spot . Wish there was one in downtown Madison !
It ' s one of those cheap neighbor spots . $ 6 . 99 combos . easy seating , nothing fancy , alot of food and it ' s pretty good !
Cheddar burger , check . Vanilla shake , check . Food coma , double check ! ! ! This place is old school burgers , fries and shakes ; and they are good at what they do !
I ' m more of a frozen yogurt kind of guy but Baked Bear is still pretty impressive . Very rich and tasty .
I had fettuccine with roasted rosemary potato , a glass of cabernet , with a free chocolate mousse cake and ice cream
J ' ai toujours aimé cet endroit pour le petit - déjeuner . Ambiance relax , joli design et bons plats . Idéal pour une rencontre . Service sympa .
Cool little ultra lounge style restaurant - good for drinks or food .
This is my first visit , everyone is friendly and professional . Nice facility gate , great chiropractor .
Great food , great atmosphere . Only downside is the line when you go at peak times . You know they have great food when the line is streaming out the doors .
Great customer service and reasonable prices . When you need a late night pizza , they are the best !
They have the BEST Moscow mules . The atmosphere is relaxed and chill with couch - like seating . Can get pretty crowded but I love the vibe !
Great wings ! Try the garlic fries . This place is generally busy , but there is always room to move and mingle .
Excellent food and ambience , a tad pricey , but it is downtown Phoenix .
Very Nice place ! ! ! Elegant clean Open Space . Excellent service ! Great food and Wines ! I highly recomend it !
Had my best Phoenix massage since we moved to the area 6 months ago . Dana was very professional as well as very warm and caring . I had a great session andI left feeling wonderful .
I have been eating here for years , noticed the new cooks they said they are all related . The food was great but taste different . Love this spot
This place was yummy ! Its pretty much Panera bread with a different name . . I had a French dip the bread was super soft with a crunchy outside .
Super classy atmosphere . Great food . Obviously it ' s an expensive place . You could probably find similar tasty food elsewhere that ' s not as pricey .
This is best Italian the in town ! ! The service is amazing and the is food excellent ! ! Good size portions .
For the location : great service . Really good appetizers , solid food . No complaints but not blown away . I would recommend and I would come again
Selection is decent but the Crabs are awesome and bigger than most places . For the price alone killed them with the amount of Crabs I destroyed ! ! !
A very good place for Mexican food . Service is very good , food is great and a great atmosphere . Highly recommend .
Food was tasty . Loaded with gyro meat and fries were hot . They wouldn ' t take the yelp coupon which is one reason I visited . Said owner was no longer accepting them . So beware .
This has become a healthy dinner option for me and my family since it opened . The salads are fresh , generous and tasty . We will continue to frequent and support this restaurant .
It is a interesting restaurant , the waitress is friendly . I recommend to others to try it .
Service was appropriate for an airport . Had the prime rib taco , excellent . Highly recommend .
They treated my grandfather well while we were inside waiting for our car to get done . Great Service . Thank you so much a Joy from our last nightmare Car Wash , we were going to .
A messy sandwich but tasty ! They have gluten free bread which is nice and a large vegan selection .
Always a great opting for quick Italian food . I love the soup , salad and breadsticks for a lunch option .
I just switched from snap to titans and I love it . Dumbells to 150 lbs lots of plate loaded hammer strength deadlift platforms amongst several other reasons I like it here .
Food was on point , nice size for the hungry ones . The special honey sauce in a must have , got extra to take home .
Lots of different people but I love Kerry . She does amazing 3D and they stay on . She is very creative !
Very close to authentic Chinese food , but portion is not large , and a little overprice . Overall , a good place for Chinese food .
Love everything about Ted ' s , except for the lines but they really need to start giving peeps FREE REFILLS on their drinks ! Enough said .
Bonne bouffe . Service courtois . Prix très résonable . Ambiance moyenne du au décors un peu rétro et ce jour la une odeur de tabac froid .
Cute old fashioned ice cream shop . Reasonable prices . Home made whipped cream . Ice cream is decent .
Great service and good food ! Always love an old fashion Vanilla Coke ! Little pricey but not out of the norm for the area ! Will be back !
The dim sum is big and good . The price has gone through the roof . The dishes are between 4 and 5 . 50 for 3 or 4 dumplings .
This place is great . The food is amazing . Everything they say in the other reviews . The only drawback is the decor and location .
Tasty and great service to boot . The pulled pork was moist , flavorful and the Mac and cheese is hearty . The staff is friendly and enthusiastic .
Southbeach lobster burgers have minimal lobster and lots of fakepollock and filler . Stay away Going out to find better food and great art
Had lunch here recently . Very friendly and effiicient service . Good food with large portions . I would recommend it to anyone looking for Thai food .
Fry bread was great ! First place I have gotten my food before I was finishing paying for it ! Quaint authentic Family owned Mexican restaurant . We had the enchiladas and they were yummy !
There are many people here last week when I go there . So the service is not very warm but I can understand . The product in the store is so prefect and the service attitude is guaranteed
Big fan of Chihuly ' s work , and seeing all of his masterpieces makes me wish I could afford one of his works of art to bring home : (
Åt pasta carbonara , den var supergod . Min sambo åt hummer ravioli och tyckte om det jätte mycket . Bara bra , rekommendera denna restaurang .
The employees are nice and the food is great . How do you not love Fatburger ? This location is nice because it is in Red Rock and there is plenty of seating and always clean .
Ambiance chaleureuse , prix abordable , bouffe pas mal , les serveurs et serveuses sont excellentes !
Came here for brunch . . . got the assorted pastries . . . they were yummy ! Especially the pecan one . . . and the omelette was ok . . .
Stopped at Veritas for lunch based on Yelp recommendations - it met expectations . Centrally located in Old Montreal the menu has a number of healthy offerings . I had the Sesame Chicken Salad which was very good .
Great place for pre - game beers and a crafty burger .
The $ 2 . 99 combo is a full size meal and doesn ' t cost extra . Fabulous price and food .
The pipe smoked salmon is absolutely delicious . The fish and rosemary tots were also wonderful .
I had the pleasure of working with salesman Milton Garcia and his manager . The transaction was pleasant and smooth . Thank also to the finance department for getting me such a low rate . Will return !
If you ' ve been to a Chipotle before , this one won ' t disappoint ! The food is standard , good chipotle but the line moved quickly and we were in and out quickly .
What a fun place ! ! ! Good employees whom obviously love their jobs ! ; )
Great clean place great food very generous portions , great service . Only reason I left of 1 star was is a bit pricey . Will definitely be going back .
Great marguerita and a friendly bar team . Tacos were on point and guacamole was good . I ' d recommend a visit .
Bean burger was a bit too spicy . Custom salad order was prepared wrong but fixed immediately .
This company is highly professional . The Nanny did a good job with my 13 month old son . I would use them again .
Recently enjoyed a great pad thai here ; the brunch atmosphere is good , and when the games are on , the place rocks . But certain nights it becomes dead and dreary .
Portions are HUGE ! The taste is really something to experience with a hamburger , my wife and I really liked the atmosphere as we sat outside on the patio . Great place for a nice date dinner !
this place has new owners . talk about an improvement . No more screaming children . I got gel nails for the first time and LOOOOVE them .
Loved the atmosphere and vibe . The saison beer was delicious ! Large , warehouse like atmosphere
I ordered the calf liver for lunch . Not many places serve it or can cook it properly . This place got it right . Nicely seasoned and very tender . Loved it .
A night without the kids led us here . The Bloody Mary is delicious , and the French onion soup is amazing . Attentive bartender . Great time !
The Gallagher ' s Steakhouse was great and the food was great . I had the Filet Mignon and the Lobster .
My husband and I have been here numerous times and always enjoy it . The Charburger is amazing . I love how easy the ordering process is and everything is customizable .
This place is a hidden treasure . Their chicken pot pie is amazing , perfect crust , creamy and lots of chicken . Tons of peas too but it so good .
Really good place to kick a few back and sing karaoke . Really good crowd in here most nights .
This is a diamond in the rough place . Great sandwiches ! For the price , you get a lot ! Staff are quick and precise .
Just opened , so the crew has a learning curve - but I ' m glad the classic California Togo ' s has moved to a free state !
The staff was really nice and the food tasty . I ' ll probably go back , but I like a near by Indian restaurant better and go there . This place and Indian version of Chipotle .
I discovered this place on my trip to Cuyahoga Valley National Park . The servers were friendly and the breakfast was tasty and inexpensive . I will be back the next time I ' m in the area .
People here are friendly and made the sandwiches fast . Love Jersey Mikes and always a good lunch spot when I am on the road for work .
Perfect for when you need your bubble tea fix at College Park ! The service is friendly and reasonably quick for being so busy . They carry macrons and a small selection of cakes too !
This place never fails when it comes to their signature fish tacos , always on point and always delcious !
They have the best shakes in all of Charlotte , however they need to improve customer experience and upgrade interior environment . They great selection of dairy products as well snack and sandwiches . My favorite is pineapple .
Braved the DMV on a Saturday and came here to fuel up while we wait out the lines . Denis provided great service and we had a great breakfast . Will be back soon !
Charming , bustling little town with great ice cream shops , a nice selection of restaurants , and a powerful waterfall that ' s like the icing on the cake .
They responded to their phones promptly . They checked what was necessary in my car . They answered all my questions in regards to mai
First time didn ' t disappoint the wingz were delicious ! Small lil bar with lots of big windows
Only place I trust with waxing my eyebrows . I just wish their waxing room was cleaner . It could use some updated paint and a good mop .
Delicious ! Employees are nice , the portion is good , the food is fresh , a cute and casual place , I had a wonderful experience here !
The food is good and the service is great , all for a fair price . I particularly like the sushi .
Great service and great food ! Good for any occasion , lunch or dinner . Lunch specials are pretty affordable and you get a decent amount of food .
Recently went of a Friday evening . Busy but not packed . I had the BBQ brisket , wow , great quality meat and the portion was huge !
The best soul food in Charlotte the fried chicken is great yams are good greens , Mac and cheese , and the lemonade best time to come is during the week because it gets crazy busy on weekends
Great homey diner . Reasonable prices , homemade food . Good for breakfast , lunch , & dinner . Our home away from home . Always busy , always good ! ! ! ! !
always great and always consistant with friendly owner and staff
Move over Roberto ' s ! There ' s a new $ 1 Chicken Taco in town .
Went there since the vegetarian spot next door was closed . Pizza is pretty good . I ' d eat the crust alone . . yummy . Nice staff . . . I ' m killing my diet !
Cheese curds are awesome , so is the fries . Got a beer for free , and the attention was great . Definitely we will be back again .
Good people tray to help my phone but totally dead can ' t fix it . . sad sad . . but thank you anyway .
Thouroughly enjoyed my desert at Symposium last night . The fruit waffles dish was amazing , light and flavourful , a good mix of ingredients .
Great place . Wonderful dining experience . I will be back here to eat again . It ' s so close to my house . I have a few friends that will love this place .
absolutely love the ambiance in this place ! The food is great although the cocktails could have been larger for the price . Don ' t forget to make a reservation !
Because it ' s short , has a nice color , and offers wonderful views of downtown and the north shore , it ' s an incredibly friendly walk across .
Ice cream is great , BUT remember , Ben and Jerry Corporate is a HUGE Obama supporter and campaign contributor . Put your money where your mouth is !
We had a great time , Allan was fantastic . I only wish the tour was longer as I felt rushed at our stops . Would highly recommend it
Called in a pick up order . Food was hot and fresh when we picked it up . Must try the Nevada burrito with carne asada .
Ate here for the first time the other night . Very fresh sushi and the nigiri portions are generous . I look forward to returning for lunch sometime , as the noodle menu looks good .
They have a pretty good pie . They are so close to our house it ' s pretty convenient . But I wish they mailed out coupons to my house it would be nice to get them
Great place for group studies , chatting , coffee with refill and they have great breakfast items . You can ' t go wrong with free wifi and lots of power outlets with plenty of comfy seats : )
The ranger might be grumpy out on the course . . . But the food is on point ! The Goat Cheese + Arugula + red wine grilled onion burger will change your life ! For real !
My first time eating Chinese food in Las Vegas and I have to say it was decent . Price was worth it .
Just as good as any other Olive Garden .
Goto place for tacos in Charlotte ! My favorite is the Epic Tuna Burrito ! Yum ! ! ! Also love the neighborhood for wandering . A great choice all around !
Awesome burgers ! ! ! Servers were nice and pleasant . Definitely a must try . And the strawberry milkshake is heaven !
The Ratings Says It All . . . Walked In Walked Out And Had Our Mattress Delivered All Within 2 Hours . Super comfy
Probably my best theatre spot in Vegas . Great location . Prices are good . Bowling alley is merely feet away
Great first time experience ! Kayla was very helpful and actually listened to my concerns which I believe makes this place different compared to most . I will definitely be coming back here for my future services .
Delicious ! ! What a great concept . My fiancé LOVES pizza but I ' m not a huge fan ; at least I wasn ' t . Custom making you pizza with high quality ingredients is great
We go there everytime we want crab legs for the past 7 years . The coconut shrimp is great too
Love the chicken . I like boneless and the owner told me they can make both ways , with or without bones ! ! ! !
The Steak and eggs were done to perfection . The crab cake was the best I have ever had , a taste that will not be forgotten . Bobby you hit a homerun with this one .
expensive or over priced there is a difference this is expensive , but food is good & high quality you pay for it though I will go back
One of the banks im with . its a bank . they have an ATM , and tellers . Nothing special . but not horrible . Friendly good service .
Good food , good service , unlimited soup and salad . Extra charge for brown rice , and portions are an average size .
We really like this place , the sandwiches are great and the service is always good and friendly . They screw up the order every now and again .
Decent but quite pricey for what I ' ve seen the same products sold for at nearby stores . Doesn ' t have most of the latest kbeauty trends . Has more makeup than skincare .
I ' m a veggie , so I wish there were more options , but , for King West , I like the relaxed atmosphere and the drink . Great place to go with a group of friends .
Pizza was hot and delivered in 35 minutes , not gourmet pizza , not brick oven pizza , just decent fast food pizza . Delivery driver was courteous
Finally a good little taco place on the South Side . Very cheap and good . Definitely better than Emiliano ' s and on par with Las Palmas . Check it out .
The food is really good . The service kinda slow . We had Sweet Corn tamales and Sonoran hot dogs and it was delicious . They give you 2 salsas and been dip with the chips .
My 2nd time dining at this restaurant and I was more impressed this time around . Ordered , truffle mashed potatoes , Sea Bass , bacon wrapped shrimp and short ribs ! All were delish
Went here for a stay - cation to get out of Vegas . The room was very clean and had a nice pool area with BBQ ' s . Friendly service , we ' d stay there again .
Fun atmosphere with good music , pool table , ping pong and Jenga . Loud , fun music . Good spot on St . Patty ' s day . Food is fair . It ' s bar food .
Food is amazing ! I would recommend the garlic knots for sure ! Tried the s ' mores shake and it was delicious .
Nice place . The owner is very friendly and gracious . They have a large walk in humidor with a lot of great selections .
One of the best menswear shops in Toronto . Good selection and service . Also check : Sydneys , nomad , TNT
Awesome burger . The ham BBQ is great along with the chili . The food comes out quickly Just go there
Coffee is great . Service not as friendly as it could be BUT you ' ll be happy w / what you order .
Decent movie theater . $ 5 movies on Mondays . Popcorn quality is hit or miss depending on the day . Easy parking .
Right now it ' s my favorite burger joint in Charlotte . Always consistent , always good . They have some good beer choices as well . Kids eat free on Tuesdays .
My very first time I came here . I like it very much , they try to make you as comfortable as possible . I will definitely be returning . The price is completely reasonable .
Wow , fantastic choices for breakfast and more . Nice new convenient location off the highway . The Greek omelet and fluffy pancakes with pecans were great
Good food good service good music . . Nuff said . . , will recommend this place to anyone who loves authentic thai food
This place has the most amazing rooms . The tub is huge and everywhere you go the place smells so good . I ' ve stayed in the suite and everything is really clean and well kept .
This place is pretty good . Great service and sushi is delicious . Will definitely be coming back .
Came in on a whim asked for the specialty cocktails lemon haze and henny ' s peach tea they are both great summer time delights
Food quality 5 stars . Nice people working there . Not really an atmosphere , and I think they could work on that . Regardless , will go back often .
Good food , great service . We stopped for breakfast while traveling I77 , a little trickier than some stops to get to but not hard and well worth it . A delicious change from fast food chains .
Kalbi is on point ! Perfectly cooked and flavor is amazing ! Would highly recommend this ! !
A tiny tucked away treat of a place . Our party of four all thoroughly enjoyed our delicious dinners and the lovely presentation . A great addition for Fountain Hills gastro - scene .
Fast service and delicious food . Great prices . Cinnamon sugar french toast was to die for . This was my first trip but there will definitely be more .
Always great chicken here . This place is nice and clean , just sad that this area is bad that they have to give you the code to the bathroom on the receipt .
Margaritas are really yummy and they have some great flavors . It can be pretty pricey , so happy hour is a great deal - bar area fills up fast though !
Walked in to the bar and had a nice drink and GREAT guacamole . Bartender gave great service . . overall - check it out !
Their pizza needs to be in your mouth . BUTTERY crust . Like , butter buttery . And it ' s superb reheated at home in the toaster oven .
Lots of ipa ' s , but not much of a selection outside of that and ales that I saw . It ' s a cool space , though . Nice to have another brewery in Plaza .
Price , Food Size , tasting all great in here . This restaurant is my top favourite list for the past 5 years ! ! !
Quality produce an good prices . However , processed foods like applesauce or pasta sauce tend to be a bit expensive .
Alyssa - great customer service . She talked me into a barre class , set up my equipment too . Great customer service . Love this place ! !
casino : omg we had so much fun playing black jack at the $ 10 tables . keep those free drinks coming !
Food was ok . I tried korean rice wrap with unique korean small dishes it a korean traditional dish . Service need improve its but slow
Octavio , who I think is a manager at this location , is fast , courteous and runs everything from taking orders to being cashier . He and this location are great !
Easy to find ! Our drinks were made quickly and tasted good . I got the iced chai tea with coconut milk , and really enjoyed it .
Pork and beef tacos were good . But not recommend the corn ! ! ! It tasted really weird . Price is reasonable .
Wow . This is like a grocery store with a pharmacy . Will definitely visit again . Just came in for one item , but left with so much more
Their pho was legit ! Papaya was on the sour side but still good . We enjoyed everything we ordered .
This is a chain but great authentic Mexican restaurant . Everything I ' ve tried was delicious .
I liked this place , but then they closed it without notifying me . That made me angry . Chicken tortilla soup was delightful ,
Great beers , good food and fun environment . If you haven ' t been to the Crown you ' re missing out !
Really friendly staff ! They really care about you . Just a wonderful place to get your haircut while enjoying a pleasant atmosphere .
Fun bar with live entertainment . The happy hour prices are very good but skip the potatos and onion rings get more chicken wings ! !
Had fun when I came to visit from Los Angeles . However too many kids and most machines were out of order near the bar area .
Very good . Our group ordered pasta and pizza for lunch . Food was excellent . Pasta is home made . It is busy so expect to wait but it is worth it .
Great service and food . They have $ 3 tacos during their happy hour which was 3 - 5 . The chips and salsa were also very good .
A great dive bar I work in the area so it ' s super convenient after work . They have a few pool tables and like 10 dart boards . It ' s very affordable as well .
Really good food . enjoyed my dinner with my family . The staff was very attentive to my large group . the restaurant is small but charming .
I have been here a few times I got a healthy choice breakfast and nice clean breakfast I like your food
Solid 4 star spot . Food was very good , margaritas were fantastic and service was always there . All for a good price . Recommend the burritos .
Nice bar atmosphere and good beer selection . Sat outside on a beautiful night . The jambalaya exceeded my expectation . Very nice . Very attentive servers .
Just stopped by for quick lunch . the carne asada fries are a must ! ! Really fun atmosphere and friendly staff
Quality food & atmosphere . Joe does it right . Usu get a burger .
Great lunchtime Mexican buffet . Prices are reasonable . But , irritating music is loud and distracting and the place could use more people to keep tables clean .
Love their stuffed mushroom & all kinds of pasta , but not crazy about their pizza . It ' s not worth for average 30 - min waiting time for a table . Too noisy there .
Excellent happy hour daily 4 - 7pm with half - price beers and $ 2 street tacos . Everything was great and they even had all the games on TV .
Decent and cold beers in an awesome location for people watching . I especially enjoyed the pink gorilla at the magic shop across the way that was rigged to growl when people touched it .
I had a gyro sandwich it was good . Definitely better than average but not the best ever . Prices are a tad bit high .
Solid food , great device , and casual environment . They will not leave you hungry . Overall , it ' s really good .
Cool decor with a kick - ass huge serving of Chicken and Waffle ! ! Get here early to avoid the wait .
Love Canter ' s Deli . It was all that I expected it to be . Cornbeef sandwiches were excellent and service was great . The waitstaff was very good as well .
I ' ve only been here once but love , love , loved the calamari and the lettuce wraps ! It wa the best calamari I ' ve ever had .
You will definitely find some very cool graffiti art here . https : / / 500px . com / elau / galleries / toronto _ graffiti _ alley
- Since I ' ve Lived in Las Vegas This Has Been My Favorite Pizza Spot I Always Order The Pepperoni Deluxe & & Pepsi Best Combo ! ! ! !
A fun Canadian resto with fun takes on traditional cuisine . The seafood items are fantastic , and we loved the S ' mores pie and doughnuts ! Great location too !
Went here for lunch . It has a typical bar food menu and everything we had was great . The establishment is clean and has a nice atmosphere . The staff was all friendly and courteous .
Fantastic food and service ! I came last weekend and it was packed . The next time I come will be strategically planned around the rush hours .
Sauce is a little sweet , but overall the service is great ! Can you guys please stay open for until 10PM during the week ?
very clean , deliscious food , extremely friendly ! !
Great Dim Sum . . . Make sure you go early ! Otherwise expect a wait .
Took are family here for dinner during our trip to Las Vegas it was amazing can ' t complain about anything service was great food was amazing . Would definitely come again while in Vegas .
Friendly people that work here . Took my boys here because they were craving some wings . Food came out great but they could have been a bit more generous with their veggies .
The bean dip and salsa are out of this world good ! I also got the taco salad & tortilla soup duo - both were fabulous ! Can ' t wait to go back .
Very delicious ! This place has a fun and intimate atmosphere . There isn ' t a lot of seating inside but the food is very good .
We ' ve been back and are pleased with service and food . One or two more good experiences will bring this rating up to 5 stars .
Yummy good Tex Mex . The lime salad dressing is delightful .
The price was fair and the service was excellent . However they should rename this restaurant Sesame Street as they put sesame on everything .
It ' s a good burger , however the manager ken has horrible customer relation skills . I would another employee interact with the customers .
Absolutely delicious food , fresh , and fun atmosphere . Really enjoyed the soda and Bulgogi !
My food was pretty good . I had the chicken parm . I like that they have breakfast options all day , especially in Vegas : - )
Cute back patio , fun vibe , good food . Solid spot .
Excellent beer selection - Belgian & IPAs . Talk to Jimmy for recommendations , he knows his stuff !
Great Service Good Food if you are looking for something different I suggest here . If you go away hungry it ' s your own fault .
At first I didn ' t like the place nor how the menu looked but once the food came I was blown away by taste
This mall is very pretty and clean . Layout is awkward but you get used to it . I wish it had more stores though . The emphasis is definitely on upscale shopping .
I like this chilis because most of the time the food is fresh the only problem is the service could be better
Great food ! One of my favorites on the east side of the valley . Just make sure your schedule allows a longer than normal sitting .
Went specifically to try their cheesesteak . Definitely tasty and worth a try . Our server Cindy was awesome . We will definitely be back to this local neighborhood joint .
I have been there a few times , buffet is good , comes around $ 14 per head and worth it . Good options for non veg Indian food .
Very cool place , food and latte was good . Service could be better though , maybe happier would be nice . Some of the guys acted like they just didn ' t want to be there .
Big fan especially when I have a hankerin for burrito . Easy to carry out , we love to eat at home with the dogs . A street taco is sometimes just what the belly wants .
Food is a little overhyped but definitely quality fast food . Enjoyed the car hop experience and the food overall ( Galley Boy cheeseburger and potato puffs ) . Will likely be back ! : - )
Great restaurant for the seafood lover . We tried a variety of different items . I can say it is a little pricey , but I will definitely be going there again .
Love this place ! Wish there were more non - hot classes to choose from , but that ' s the only complaint .
Wow is all I can say about the burgers . This is a great place to get some grub and brews while hanging out with friends .
Great combo of southern food and sports bar , recommend the BBQ chicken , corn , and mashed potatoes platter !
The lemon chicken was super good and it came with garlic noodles , my favorite ! ! The spring rolls were ok and pho was good as well .
Pretty awesome staff and great BBQ food . The portobello frites were a bit sour but the brisket was fantastic .
At night they ' re a tapas restaurant , during the day they offer a delicious and plentiful brunch . Portion sizes are great and the food it awesome .
Love this place great food & service ! The atmosphere is above the rest ! ! Great for families and date night .
Good authentic hk style food ! Service is questionable but the flavors are great ! Try the fried noodles , beef and fungus , and fried taro duck if you get the chance : )
Good Pho , not greasy . Dark beef broth where the beef is the center of attention . Accented meats of brisket and meatballs with exotic flavors of grilled onions and daikon .
Had the Oso Buco this time . Very tasty , the veal was just a bit tough but overall an excellent meal
I love Zupa ' s ! Their cauliflower soup is amazing ! Prices are a little higher than I like , but I still eat there !
I do not have Verizon . Had to go here for work purposes . But if I had it or if anyone goes to this location ask for Charles he is a very helpful friendly representative .
We have been here three times since moving to the West Valley . Service has met quotes and time schedules and one urgent drop off . Staff is professional . We ' ll keep coming back .
We had the most delightful server ! Two wonderful salads and a sandwich would have been ordinary if not for Andrea . Happy Easter !
Not only do they have good pizza they have good gluten free pizza which is hard to find , makes going out much easier for families who need to have that gluten free menu .
You get what you pay for . Fresh seafood and amazing mussels . But you can pass on the special wraps they have on menu . They are meh .
Good food , one of the most authentic Chinese restaurant in Phoenix . Somehow I hope they have better service .
Consistently good service , food never disappoints . Great place to head when you ' re craving mexican food .
Bought Bell qualifier helmets , love em !
I ' ve had to travel to Phoenix 3 times over the last 4 weeks . Each time from booking my ticket to landing on the tarmac , they were all a smooth and easy transaction . Kudos !
The noodles are sooo good , a side order is a perfect lunch . They are just a little slow , but I know that ' s because everything is cooked fresh to order .
Hot dogs are delicious and the topping very original . Recommend to try the sweet potato fries .
The rye toast was delicious . Warm , toasty , and buttered on both sides . Tasted like it was toasted on a flat - top grill with other delicious brunchy foods .
Good , clean , healthy food . Friendly service and a relaxed atmosphere . Unique experience and worth checking out .
If you are looking for healthy delicious Chinese food . . This is The Place ! ! YUM Give it try , you won ' t regret it .
I stopped in here last week and had such friendly & helpful service . Next time I need an automotive car part , this place will be my first stop .
We have been coming here for 20 + years . Even though this restaurant is in Scarborough , it is lose enough to North York . A very quiet getaway . . The view is intriguing .
Eggs Benedict was so good ! The two fruit cups were perfect compliments to the fish . The potatoes were amazing . The server was patient and friendly !
Pretty beautiful ambience . Luxurious decor . Delicious food which has a fusion food menu and a neat twist to most traditional dishes .
Great atmosphere , good food , a nice choice of lunch sandwiches , not too many so it won ' t take forever to choose . Raspberry Soda is delicious .
Chow mein is delicious ! ! ! Only been here twice , and both were very pleasant experiences . Everyone ' s friendly and weve liked our meals each time
Good full huge messy burgers that you devour quickly , fries arent all that . Also bestt part is they have the halal option . I would def go back there again for a burger craving
Loving the patio and would happy hour after work . Great blackberry lemonade . Great lunch menu and great service .
The best sushi I ' ve ever had hands down . However , the appetizers and miso are nothing special which is disappointing considering how amazing the sushi is .
Delicious homemade Italian . Great ambiance and very friendly staff . I had the Mary ' s chicken which was so delicious . I will be back again !
Visited the Arrogant Butcher during the Urban Wine Walk . Great menu , great wines and the toasts / bruschettas were to die for .
First time here and we were surprised with the food . We would like to go again soon .
Good place to hike , especially in the spring . Its like 10 buck to go thru the main gate , but if you go to Calico basin to hike its free , but not as big .
Fish tacos are grand . Beer is cold . Crowd is chill . Staff is attentive .
Great dentist . Great bed side manner . Always works with you . Very good priced . I ' m going back next month for 2 more crowns . He ' s pretty good .
This place has great food and service ! Had a good time every time . I wished that I got a seat closer to the stage though
Had a Fantastic Meal here last night ! Everything was so fresh and the service is quick and very friendly . The Haru platter was to die for .
A very nice place to visit . Not as spectacular as Valley of Fire , but it has it ' s own charm . Lots of trails , but I visited more for the scenery .
Nice Range . A shuttle provided us with a way to get there and back . Instruction provided was superb . I would definately come back here again .
Love coming here for there happy hour every week . It has great appetizers . I highly recommend the beef empanadas , so good .
Great romantic well lit environment . Food was good service was amazing . Their staff is definitely top notch . Looking for a great restaurant with a small group of ppl I would definitely send u there .
I forgot how good this place is . When I lived nearby I would buy bread regularly from this shop . It was nice get some brunch with a friend and so French bread to bring home .
Ordered the NY combo 18 ' ' Pizza . Generous portions and slices are big . Good quality sausage and the red sauce and crust are very tasty . I would order again ,
I love that they had many options to pick from esp last minute desserts . The cupcakes were good , better than other places and the cake pop was delicious !
Really great service , Food very flavorful and fresh . Made to order . Owner is very nice and accommodating . Bernie Hanna
This place rocks ! Delicious food for a great price and a nice atmosphere . Good for date night or a stop while you ' re bar hoping . Two thumbs up .
Food good , service not so much . Felt like I wore my invisible clothes . Not sure I ' ll be back and it ' s 3 minutes drive from my house .
My experiences at this location have been positive . I have had three facials at this location . The students all did a great job . My appointments started and ended on time .
Great variety ! Delicious ! Expensive ! Great gift ideas ! Helpful w gluten free diet . Tasty ! Crafty !
Service : Great , Friday night seat wait : none Drunken Fried Fish : Outstanding . Fries : not so good , muush really . But everything else , quite good .
Delicious sushi with great prices . It ' s fun when someone does a saki - bomb . . . the whole bar and staff get in on that !
Tasty sandwich ' s and wide array of beers to choose from . Daily specials and plenty of Belgian beers .
Great staff and food . Margarita is superb .
A great place to camp for nascar events ! ! Phillip is great and maintains a laid back but safe place . We wont go anywhere else ! !
Great service , limited selection however . The training facility is OK , I would recommend the golf smith in Chandler if you can make it that far . As they have more equipment and better training areas .
Love the options and wide range of Japanese menu . They make good food . The ramen was affordable and highly recommended . I had the seafood ramen and it was so tasty !
There is no place better to get teriyaki chicken bowl ! I have lived in AZ my whole life and this place has been around forever ! So Delicious
99 cent margaritas during happy hour ! Fun and kid friendly !
Penn station has the best cookies and the best Lemonade . Every visit I have made the staff is friendly etc . . .
We got paan and ice cream to go . They were pretty good for the price . The paan reminded me of India and the ice cream was fresh and palatable . Definitely recommend ! !
I like this place . The food is good country cookin and the people are very friendly .
Football team donuts pickup so I needed a couple of dozen . They are moving in slow motion but they gave me a nice variety and the team loved them !
Cheap drinks and food . Just a good place for drinks and good food . Good sports bar
Excellent bread and omelette . How can you go wrong with this ? Going for a late morning breakfast allowed us to get us a table easily .
Love this place , deliciously consistent every time . They have a large variety of things and are great at customizing . Wednesday is half price bottles of wine which never hurts .
Classic Black Bear diner experience , good food at a good price , service was good and diner was very cute and not too crowded on a Saturday morning . Definitely a good solid breakfast place , Aloha
It was good . Will go back cause it was good . They even doubled up on my onions and peppers in my pasta , yey .
The ice mocha is strong and full flavored without being acidic . The place has a great vibe , try it you ' ll like it !
Love the food here . . . it ' s inexpensive , tastes good and they give you enough to feed a small army . The chicken fried steak is fantastic !
Great Al Pastor taco ! Don ' t forget to check in and get your free taco ! Good food , very reasonably priced and super clean eatery !
The chicken is on point . Better that chic Gil a . Chic fil a sauce is better though . Garlic bread was amazing . Price is good too . Cole slaw was extremely generic .
Small little place with incredible food . Ordered for delivery , received it quickly , and my family loved it . I will definitely add Food King to our delivery rotation .
Fantastic food , very friendly staff . The place would probably need a renovation but it ' s okay .
Love this place ! Its nice to have a different option for Mexican food finally .
4 * for Nostalgia . This place has not changed in 50 years and I hope it stays that way for the next 150 .
Fresh ingredients , cooked to order and really good . Rice cooked to perfection . Naan needs to be upgraded but overall a really good value .
Iron Chef Bobby Fray ' s restaurant . Recommend " Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno " with roasted eggplant , manchego cheese , red pepper sauce , balsamic vinegar .
Outstanding . . mouthwatering meatball calzone ! ! I have had it several times and its better each time . Hoagies are fresh and delicious . . and the bruschetta . . well one word . . Bravo
This place is delicious but very overpriced . When you can get it , they have a good happy hour . My favorite dish is the Amberjack crudo ! They have tasty wings and a great NY strip
Yum ! Everything we ' ve tried here is delicious . It ' s prob our fave little local Chinese food store .
I ordered delivery , it came quickly and was Very tasty ! ! ! spring rolls were great , nothing was too oily . . . I would order again for sure .
Decent prices , great coupons and deals if available . Mango gelati with vanilla custard is perfection for summer heat . Very friendly staff .
Great people and fantastic customer service ! Really nice place but limited selection of eyewear .
Visiting from New York . Brilliant decor . Great service ! From the hosts to the servers .
I alway order food for delivery and it ' s good and friendly . I ' m from NY and is not as good as really NY pies but it ' s good .
Honestly , this place was pretty damn good at midnight . I had a French dip and it was juicy and good for the most part . Now I would like to try this place in the daytime .
Good Gelato , reasonably priced . Cute shop but it is a little small , no patio for summer . Can see this being a hot spot in the warmer months .
It ' s not the best Applebees here in Vegas but they have good food and drinks and so close to my place then i usually go there on weekends .
Good lobster with the house special sauce at medium heat . The corn with this sauce is fantastic . Jake my server was great , helpful , polite .
The food took a little bit of a long time . But when it arrived it was great . I got chow that was reasonable price wise and the service was great . 4 / 5
Good basic pizza , really nice service . Everything we had tasted fresh , and the place was super clean . We will defintely be back .
Good chinese and friendly family run business . I really like the shanghai crispy tofu . Its not on the menu , but it ' s wonderful , light , crispy , tangy sweet .
The atmosphere is super trendy and it has a great ambience the Moscow Mule was very tasty and the truffle oil flatbread pizza with prosciutto was yummy
Ate at the buffet , very good food , good service . Could ' ve used more choices but other than that awesome !
Very unassuming , but very good . We had a large group of 14 members of a swim team , they all had various pizzas and antipasto platters along with salads , everything was delicious . Cheers
大変人気のあるお店で予約をしておかないとなかなか入れません。メニューは写真付きなので写真を見て頼めばなんとかなると思います。料理はとても美味しいので意図していたものとは違ったものが出てきても多分大丈夫でしょう。混んでいるためかホール店員のテーブルケアはやや疎かになることもあるかもしれません。
sometimes a spot just manages to tick off all the boxes and get everything right . Needless to say , this is easily recommended as a choice , and somewhere I imagine I ' ll be returning soon .
Steak Gyro was awesome ! Only complaint were about the fries , which weren ' t fully cooked . Will definitely be back .
Pink Taco is great ! The outside is great during the summer . The chips and salsa are amazing as everyone pointed out . The quesadilla and the shrimp tacos are excellent !
My favorite place in Arizona for thin crust take - out pizza !
Was in here once . Man behind the counter was friendly . He carded me which was flattering . Small store yet has all the basics for a party to get started at home .
Update - - I went back for lunch again and the dining room was immaculate . I was more than happy eating my lunch at one of their tables .
Bon restaurant asiatique avec des nouilles faites sur place . Un bon endroit sympathique avec pas trop de monde pour manger rapidement .
The fish tacos , mac and cheese , and apple skillet were delicious !
The Molcajetes was amazing ! ! Not the nicest place and not very cheap but I can ' t complain about the food .
Chorizo burrito was excellent ! Prices were fair . Seating area is very clean . We will be back for breakfast again !
Very good food , okay service , bit pricy . And you can reach the WiFi from linq ( its free )
Great place for comics ! Great selection of comics and games . The store is also very large . I would like to see tables for games added though .
Nice spot for breakfast after getting into town from the East Coast . Sweet potato tots are awesome ! ! !
Great beer selection and they have cask ! No patio . Good sausage selection but lacks variety in toppings .
Always exceeds expectations . Good service , good food , nice wine list . We will return next time we ' re in town .
Really enjoy the food and the beer . Seems like it best to get here early as it does have a tendency to get pretty busy .
Great location and a great price . Our room had an awesome view and being able to walk out into the action of the strip was just awesome . I will definitely stay here again .
Went here with approximately 10 people without reservations . They were able to accommodate us pretty quickly . Service was good and pizza was good too . Would visit again .
Their nachos are very good . I would recommend getting the pulled pork topping . They can mix ground beef and pulled pork if you ask them
Good drinks and service . Something for everyone . A definite crowd pleaser for those wanting Mexican food
Good Chinese food for this type of place as well a great portion along with price . . . .
Taste was good . Portion size too big perhaps . Sound level is medium . Overall - happy with the experience .
Had a nice time . Service is a bit slow . Only had wine and apps .
The fried catfish is to DIE FOR ! Simple but delicious . . . i go back specifically for that and the hush puppies . It ' s a good portion for the right price .
Exactly as advertised . If you like the menu your gonna feel right at home . Diet and regular RC cola was a little surprise . Interesting place if you ' re looking for something different .
Great store , you need to look deep in the racks . One of my favorites in town !
My first visit was using a Groupon for a microdermabrasion and peel with Joanna . I continue to come back . I love this treatment . Lovely .
If I could eat this for brunch everyday . It ' s got all the flavours and textures I could wish for , puts all the subpar egg bennies to shame
Not much to say . I love the selection of menu items . I love the super - fast delivery . I love the friendly employees . Overall great option if you crave anything Thai .
I got the meatball 12 " sandwhich for $ 6 . 79 + tax . Gave me less tomato for some reasons , cheap guy . Brought it home and everything fell apart .
Always happy with the gluten free pizza . Delivery is always in a descent time . Love all the choices of flavored crusts .
Food quality is decent , portions are great . I had enough for my dinner and used the leftovers for lunch the next day . I will be back to try more menu items .
The buffet was good ! Decent prices . I ' ll definitely be back , its nice to have good Indian food on the west side of town .
They have very tasty Pizza ! Yesterday , I was given a voucher from next door for a free pizza at Betsy ' s from a restaurant next door . They honoured the voucher and it was delicious !
Love the food and the smoothies ! The basil , tomato and mozzarella cheese grill is fantastic !
Great Indian food , the beef korma is delicious . We did have an off night with them , once , but we complained and they offered us a free meal . The service is fantastic .
Amazing food and great service . My husband and I had the filet mignon and Gouda Mac n cheese . Steak was cooked perfectly and the Mac n cheese was awesome ! Service was friendly and prompt .
For only having a few items , they are always crazy packed . Food is pretty good and service is always fast
I feel lucky that I can found a restaurant like this in Champaign . It tasted good though .
I love this dive bar . . . Some bartenders are better than other like anywhere you go . I will be watching football games here when I can . Cheers ! !
Love this place . It ' s pricey for Indian food but think of it more as high end Indian . Normally eat at bar where Simone is amazing She is great and remembers everything .
Love the veggie tacos !
Cool fast and not crowded . They don ' t like their job so they want to deal with you as little as possible but get you out the door quick .
First time trying shake shack . Great burgers . Cheese fries were ok . The strawberry mint lemonade was
Wir sind spontan hier vorbei gekommen . Das Personal ist sehr freundlich , das Essen sehr lecker und frisch . Hier kommt man gerne mal wieder hin .
Great burgers and beer . Sweet potato fries were great . Salad was wonderful . I ' ll be back . Nuff said .
This place is pretty good ! Business is great as well service i had a little issues but manger took care of it . Thank you Erika for a good experience
Awesome outdoor patio , even a peekaboo view of South Mountain . But they need to banish cigar smokers from the patio . Meals are served out here . Ruins the taste of the food .
This is my go - to Thai place in town . Everything I have ordered tastes great and their lunch special is a great deal .
Always a favourite if I ' m craving AYCE Korean BBQ . It ' s conveniently located in the heart of downtown . The food is pretty good and the service is pretty attentive .
The Kalbi was so delicious and the bulgogi was also savor I also liked the chow rice Great service too ! This will be go to korean bbq for us in vegas !
Beef was so fresh . Nice authentic tacos from this gringo . Only regret is that I had a Jersey Mikes sub just before .
Great food and good beer selection . Live music . Games on the large projection screen and flat screens on the wall . Oh , and a cigar bar upstairs .
This complex is huge nice park ; skate area ; soccer : football all sports are practicing n it ' s still tons of room out here !
I love this place . Always busy and always tasty ! I keep telling myself to go back but the wait is crazy I wish they had more tables .
The happy hour is a great deal ! Love the vibe of this place it has a true nautical feel . Martinis are spot on . It ' s a must stop if you stay in Madison .
Awesome food ! Great ambiance ! The staff seemed overwhelmed and were getting a little impatient on questions . . . . hence the 4 .
Food 2 stars . Positive attitude and service of regular drive thru guys . . 10 stars . The whole community loves them . Can ' t beat those $ 1 large drinks either !
Great service , food is excellent , bread is addicting . Nice atmosphere . very busy often a wait for a table .
Stayed there twice . Great restaurants . Clean rooms . Enjoyed the staff at all the restaurants . Wife did okay on the gaming floor . Look forward to our next stay .
Good old fashioned salty Chinese food ! I wish I lived closer . The portions are huge !
Blackened sirloin was cooked to perfection , but the garlic mashed potatoes stole the show . Dark , brooding atmosphere / decor , but the service was anything but . . .
I stayed in a junior suite , and because the jucuzzi tub wasnt working correctly we were upgrade into a 1 bedroom suite that was absolutly amazing .
Wow . The food was great , but the waiters rarely came back to our table . But when they did , they were extremely nice . Overall , great experience .
Mac at the limo office helped me to get around town . Also Said at the bell desk took care of me . Thanks guys .
Food is not too bad . We had the Fish Tacos Baja Style & Chicken Tacos . I wish the Fish was more crispy .
Outstanding , pizza by the slice , awesome , lasagne . . . awesome , sub sandwiches , awesome . Great bunch of people working there , very very good
Delicious food . Garlic beef was one of the best I ' ve had . Awesome egg rolls . Honestly some of the best Asian food I ' ve eaten . Delivered in 25 min to the door
Solid park , especially for night - time visits .
Phenomenal gelato . Had raspberry chip and coconut cream . Outstanding ! So hard to choose . Can ' t wait to return .
Amazing Korean bbq in Vegas ! Festive , congenial , and belly - good ! ! ! ! Enjoyed every bite of the meats . In fact , my party ordered non - stop !
Great toy store with a focus on more educational gifts . Gift wrapping is a fantastic help for busy families with dozens of parties to attend . Thank you ! ! !
Very scenic . Went here on a mini roadtrip and took lots of pictures . Great place to reconnect with nature without going too far out of the city .
Ate lunch here the other day , and was very impressed . Tons of great food , unique atmosphere , over the top service . Would definitely recommend .
Awesome food and great service , diffidently a place to try out if your in town .
Had a super nice waitress . The food was pretty tastey . Our only complaint was that It was freezing inside .
I tried the bratwurst and it was definitely great . Tasted like I was at a 4th of July BBQ minus the shredded cheese . But can ' t wait to go back and try the dogs .
I eat here about once a month . Great food and always consistant . Love the Outlaw Scramble . Giant portions and excellent service . Lunch is good too , but I prefer their breakfast .
The food is delicious here ! Great prices & friendly service . The seating is limited , and it is kind of hard to find behind business park , but well worth it . I am a fan !
I like this place . . . . tasty food , quick service , really clean , efficient . Awesome Thai Iced Tea . . . Have been there multiple times already .
Good show , the contortionist really made us cringe , funny , interactive , no need for the upgrade seats in a venue that size , highly recommend for a giggle in Vegas .
Good service and fantastic steak sandwich . My girlfriend had the burger and loved it .
Good buffet . A little expensive but can ' t beat the location .
This is the cute little place with a music band . Love the the jerk chicken roti ; ) my absolutely fav . Supper clean place ! Thanks for the good food . Definitely back soon
The food is amazing ! The garlic ramen was the best . The ika ( squid ) was grilled a little too long so it was a tad burnt . The black cod was delightfully sweet .
Nice and cheap . Good portions . Love the general soa chicken and crab puffs . Delivery is an option as well .
Pizza and wings were great . Would order from them again . Pizza was hot and toppings were plentiful . The online ordering was kind of slow . What ' s wrong with customer service , personal touch .
Great selection of food and drinks and always friendly service . They have a very good atmosphere for any type of event . Sometimes the service can be slow but that ' s the only downside .
good food , glad to have west side pho place . nice staff
Farah is a great professional . She comes on time and does a fantastic job every time . She goes above and beyond . We always ask for her in oru appointments
My go to place for lunch or take out . The food is good , service is quick and friendly , and the price is right - especially for the large portions they serve .
Got the pho and it was much better than I expected . Tons of flavor and would definitely get it again . The bogo sushi is always a winner but glad to have success with something new .
Always the same , always good . Great go to place for a coffee and Doughnut on the go .
Food is pretty good . Me and my grandfather went for lunch on a Monday and both had large meals with salads for $ 15 . Very good deal . The bread is worth the visit by itself .
Good little place , good food , good price would go back . I got a Stromboli it had a lot of meat and cheese very tasty . Can ' t wait to go back for lunch again .
Great Mexican food and is usually serviced fast .
We went here for our anniversary one year . We remember the sangria being pretty good and the seafood was very excellent . The portions were generous and all in all was a very pleasant dining experience .
Awesome dim sum and good service for a Chinese restaurant . Always a line on weekends . Come early to avoid the wait .
Second time visiting this Mickie Ds . Haven ' t had an issue . Friendly staff that is efficient and gets my order correct . Food also tastes fresh .
Always a good meal and terrific service . Prices are very reasonable . Great neighborhood restaurant !
Very poor service . People leaving because tables not being cleaned to seat them . Workers standing around doing nothing .
I like the service and the prices ; good selection of books and sales people readily available .
Great location & good customer service . We had very good time sitting inside chatting with friends and off course medium double double in this cold weather ! ! !
Fast & Friendly , not fancy ; however , great clean eats after the gym . Brown rice & All White Meat Chicken !
Probably the best pulled pork sandwich with slaw that I ' ve had in the five years we ' ve q - searched in Vegas . . .
First time trying this place out on a quick trip to Charlotte . Loved the service , food and what they stand for . The greens and mac and cheese are delicious !
Nice , clean restaurant we had breakfast at today . Huge meals . Nice coffee . Great for kids . Enjoyed it and would recommend it but beware the meals are huge !
Late night happy hour menu . everything $ 1 . 50 ! ? ! ? ! Mind blown !
Great place to meet friends for coffee or lunch .
Everything was really good and fresh tasting - we had sushi and Chinese . Not greasy tasting like most places and will definitely be going back .
It seems that their Thin Crust has changed and it has changed for GOOD . We ordered two thin crust this past weekend and they were perfectly crispy and thin and obviously the ingredients were on point .
A little pricey but very excellent instruction . Both my kids went through their programs and loved it . Even after my kids were swimming really well we kept bringing them back because they loved it so much .
Very friendly staff . Little hold to place orders . The pizza is super good and I love their buffalo wings . Their cheese garlic knots not so much .
Now Wei Wok , new mgmt same great food . Best orange chicken I ' ve ever tasted and excellent service
The service was excellent . My butterfly pork chop was excellent . Everyone had a great time . Dinner table mates had spaghetti meatballs and they were excellent Great dinner service .
Cuisine russe mise a l ' heure occidentale . execution très correcte . service cordial et professionnel . cher , comme tous les restaurants russes .
Had the grapefruit cantaloupe it was awesome ! Tried the Pineapple Serrano it was amazing ! Will be back . . . in 30 min . . . maybe sooner ! ; - )
Really enjoyed the guacamole , a bit pricey
Food is freshly made . The cashier is very friendly . The interior could use some refreshing . Good , solid take out place .
Long wait but it ' s pretty worth it . Great service and food . Loved the bacon & scallop !
Authentic , insanely inexpensive ( $ 22 on a thursday night ) , excellent location , decent enough rooms , loose slots and the joint is GANGSTA . Ask Bugsy .
Such a cool ambiance and location with excellent whiskey selection and great bartenders . If the food could keep up this would be one of the best spots in downtown .
Thank you Summer in the service department , took care of my problem with my oil change ,
Very good Vietnamese sandwiches ! Always well prepared and given to you in a timely manner . I ' m always satisfied when I ' m here .
It is a great place to take your family . Lots places to eat and to entertain your children . Rooms are modern and updated , flat screen televisions throughout . Very pleasant for people with children .
Grilled Cheese Dumplings : Served wallowing in a creamy bacon - tomato soup . Not your average grilled cheese .
Good combination , more of a snack place to me . . . . Not so fulling for the price but good quality
Great Pizza at great prices , makes delivery for work a great local option . Just need to keep stocked on their cheesecake : )
They have never lost my clothes and pricing is reasonable . Ask for Tran for great service !
Super friendly , open late ( til 10pm ) , amazing tofu pad Thai , and they cater to vegans . Happy girl ! Glad it ' s so close to home .
Great place with lots of options and big portions . Good choices for kids and not expensive . Even washrooms are clean . You should give it a try .
This place looked good for a quick stop . I tried only the jackfruit shake . Ah . A real heaven !
First time trying Malaysian food . Had the laksa and the beef . Good food and fair prices !
One of the nicer Home Depots in the area . Kam in the paint department has been very helpful ! Friendly service and guidance not often found these days .
Endroit cosy sur le plateau avec decoration atypique . Brunch copieux , service rapide et prix raisonnable . Petite line up le dimanche
Cool place . Sort of hard to find . The food was good and the ambiance was what really drew us in . Easy access to music city . We had a quick dinner before a show .
Yeah . The kid ' s pack is awesome . Milk , donut , stickers , balloon and the hat ? So cool . And they still give out samples of whole donuts !
This place has such fun drinks ! I always keep going back for the Mayan Surf !
First timer . . . but definitely not my last ! ! Chicken delish ! ! Customer service the best and that ' s important . I like to support the small business owners .
Went back in person and with other people . Perfectly good with large portion sizes ! I am rewriting my review to reflect my positive experiences .
Excellent food , excellent service , excellent room . Not quite Craft , but darn close . Looking forward to dinning there again .
We come here all the time . Staff are kind of friendly . They are not very accommodating on special requests due to allergies .
Awesome baked subs and great beer selection . Love the atmosphere . Time between sitting down and server greeting us was the only negative .
Came to try the chopped salad as recommended by some locals . I got smoked salmon salad my aunt got the chicken . Both were delicious .
I ' m not much of a beer drinker . . . but their ginger beer is AMAZING ! The buffalo cauliflower appetizer & cheese plate were really yummy , too !
The food was good & the burgers were definitely fresh ! Although it ' s a fast food type of restaurant , their service was superb & surpassed my expectations .
The best steakhouse in town . Good staff . Great menu . Combines the best of an old school steakhouse feel with current steakhouse features . Great wine selection .
Great BIG BAR ! Best burger in Scottsdale yet ! 4 $ mini pitchers !
Love the atmosphere . Food can be hit or miss . The pizzas are great . The way the orders are done using a card is great ! Feels like a college cafeteria , in a good way .
The subs were amazing , price a bit high but worth it . I ' d go back .
Excellent pizza , service and beer selection . I look forward to another visit !
Food was excellent ! ! Pricey but your paying for the view it is one of the best views in town
Polite staff and well stocked store . I only wish they had a better parking lot .
this place is great ! I recommend them to anyone who needs their car washed ! they do a great job and are very friendly !
Great $ 5 happy hour margaritas ! Also the tacos were very tasty . Will for sure be back
Chimichanga was great . Large portions , good service and great unlimited chips and salsa .
Good food and selection . My husband and I eat here fairly regularly . I love their salsa and the atmosphere is great
Nice place for breakfast . Price is fair and the quality is good . They boil the eggs however you want them . The patio is nice too .
Did a couples massage . Great service . They really tailored the massage to fit your needs . Would go again .
Been here a couple times now and I have never left disappointed . Great selection and good quality meat with a cold beer to wash it down makes this gal very happy !
Very smooth appointment . Matt H was my Tech & he was very warm & friendly . The office staff was pleasant as well ! I will be returning to do future scans ! !
Love this place ! The pedicures are luxurious and the technicians are polite and helpful .
Could do without the politics ; but I love the Red Beans & Rice . I ' m glad they ' re in the neighborhood .
Nice place for business lunch / dinners . not too loud , good variety of food . The pork sticky buns were fantastic ! The large tater tots were a crowd favorite as well and plenty to share .
The beet soup was one of the best soups I have ever had . It was a long wait , the food was so good I did not mind .
Exceptional food and service . . everything we ordered was great . I would definitely recommend the patatas bravas , the paella , sangria and the tres leches cake . Money well spent !
Friendly and knowledgeable staff make you feel comfortable leaving your pet in their hands . I was very impressed with the service that was provided .
Just had a great massage here . Place is very nice , very profession and clean . Ill be back for sure and BTW they offer Yelpers a discount !
This is my go to Thai place ! The food is always great . My favorite dish is the chicken or shrimp pad Thai . So delicious packed with so much flavor !
Love ! So many different way to fix your meal . Bonus points for offering so many vegetarian options . The sauces are key . Customer service is excellent .
Got my food within 30 mins . Driver Ricky was efficient and friendly . Food was great as well ; nice portions . Johnny Vegas Grill is my go to for Philly Cheese Steaks
Busy place , a bit slow service but it ' s all part of it . Salted Ricotta was amazing ! ! Counter window seats = great people watching .
solid Korean food . A little spicy . Yelp coupon does not work on lunch special . Ramen noodles are good .
Good pizza at a decent price . No complaints ! I really like their thin crust and the sausage and onion is delicious !
Kevlar coffee here is amazing ! Great patio and breezy through the whole place when they keep the windows open on a nice day !
Had dinner there with friends on Saturday April 29 , fantastic service and fabulous food . This was highly recommended by a friend and was not disappointing at all . When in Vegas may return again .
Quality care . Wide range of services . Bery nice offices . Professional staff . Hyper efficient . Great place . They do what they do well .
Had a great time with my family . Kids meals with shakes 5 dollars split my meal with my wife . The even split the shake .
I would give South Point 5 stars if it were closer to the strip . It ' s a nice , clean hotel that has a movie theatre and a great diner called Steak N ' Shake .
Remodeling store . Clean and well organized . Nice selection of a variety of items . It is a nice shopping experience for a discount retailer .
This is an amazing park ! I love all the animals ( hogs , goats , ducks , chickens , and even a pelican ! ) and all the foilage .
This place was awesome . Everyone was very friendly . The food was great and service was fast . This is a must stop every time i am in town .
Excellent price for the size and delicious ! Quick service and very friendly guys serving ! Great menu too ! They keep it simple
Thai food that gets the job done . They get 4 stars for being 24 hours and delivering quickly .
Student run and simmer down expectation . Food is good and 10 dollars for soup , lunch , and desert . My miso salmon was very tasty .
Similar to In & Out but mom and pop style . Got the cheeseburger and fries . Love supporting the small business .
Delicious food and a quiet atmosphere ! There are only four tables . I enjoyed New Mexican cuisine with friends ! They accommodated our group of 12 ! I ' ll be back !
Delivery was quick and food was delicious ! happy & full : ) shrimp lo mein & miso soup : )
We had a great dinner here the other night . We tried the mozzarella sampler and the forager pizza . Both were great , as was the service .
This place is completely operated by the owner . He makes a great pizza and works hard for his customers . There are great lunch specials here .
Dear Yelp , This is a duplicate entry as : http : / / www . yelp . ca / biz / jojo - pizzaria - montreal Please remove . . . Thanks !
Glad I gave this place another shot . The Khua Mee with an Adventurous level of spiciness was well worth my 2nd time at this restaurant ! Perhaps I will return for some rice entrees !
Great place Excellent staff Food was very tasty Authentic Mexican with a flair Generous portion size Tried the fajitas Worth the drive to Cave creek
This branch is more vibrant and service is great . Love the beef bulalo , crispy pata , chicharon bulaklak , kare kare and sisig .
Very courteous and friendly staff . Very fine vegetarian and meat dishes . I think it ' s mostly a Lebanese restaurant . They also have some nice desserts . Their spiced carrot cake was rich and memorable .
Great place to hang out and have some beers ! I love their back patio area and the beer selection . Service is always friendly and food is tasty .
We had pineapple fried rice , egg rolls & chicken mongolian all was delicous will be back again & again delivery offered so super excite take out !
Their clearance center in the back is why we come to this location . The other two closer locations don ' t have clearance sections . Great options for every section of your home . Sturdy too .
They have the best food . So good I go comatose . . That sauce is amazing ! haha . . Another good thing is they have quick service usually . Always greeting with a smile .
Meat quality was good . Good soju cocktail choices . Happy hour from 3pm to 6pm lately . Great place for special occasion .
I think the updates were nice . Small bathrooms , but huge room ! Really wish they had a cool pool ! Great location for walking around downtown .
Chai latte was sweet and delicious . Attached is a co working space called co hoots that is the first of its kind ( shared entrepreneurial work space ) in downtown phx .
Great atmosphere , awesome food and the friendliest staff in town . We sat on the patio for Happy Hour then had several appetizers . Everything was terrific . Great prices as well . This is a winner .
The burger is very good . Right place at the right time . This place has improved quite a bit .
Tried DP for the 1st time today and enjoyed their bacon maple donut and my favorite apple fritter . I ' ll be back for more . Friendly staff , clean facilities and pricing was key here .
Had the family feast which I thought was a great way to try the variety on the menu . The arroz con pitu and roasted cream corn were amazing . Service was great . Will return .
Service and food was good . We just felt like we had better all - around . Also , it didn ' t seem so traditional compared to other Thai restaurants
Nice selection of ramen . The broths and sushi were tasty , and accompanied by friendly service . This is a charmingly decorated , bright , clean restaurant . We will definitely return !
If you feel like eating tacos or tortas this is your best place for the money . You ' ll get full with 2 tacos . And they are actually pretty good . And meat always tastes fresh .
Fast service Food is typical ayce sushi IPad food ordering Nice atmosphere and decor
A great hamburger " le gros dégueulasse " Awesome tartine brandade de morue Lovely French crêpes
Location - Good Food - Good Service - Okay Drinks - Good Atmosphere - Good Clean Restaurant - Okay Come Back Again - Yes ( with reservations of course )
Pizza : Chorizo & Mushroom . Sandwich : Cuban - Style Pork . Beer . Best Pink Moscato !
Probably the best sushi in Willoughby - they make very solid rolls - just wish inside the restaurant was nicer - perfect place for takeout
weapon of choice . . . GRILLED MAHI MAHI Roasted Pineapple - Cascabel Chile Sauce + Caramelized Pineapple - Green Onion Salsa
croque madame and waffle / chicken - thanks , yelp , for the recommendation ! very rich and saturated ( aka tasty ) . i would suggest sharing b / c the portions are large .
My daughter and I got our eyebrows waxed here recently and Christina did a great job . She was super friendly and maintained a relaxing environment . She doesn ' t work on Saturday or Sunday .
Food and ambiance were great . Service is the only reason I wouldn ' t give this place five stars . Definitely would recommend .
Food is very plentiful and I love the salsa bar . Their pico is to die for
The food here is worth the money . . . . . it has sushi , baked oysters , and salt & pepper shrimp is real good .
Yeah , I would go back and play in their Poker room again . It was smoke free which is a rare treat in Vegas . Dealers and fellow players are friendly .
Nice local bakery . Not everything is made by them but a lot of stuff is . I love their canolis .
I go to the Tavern once a week to enjoy wings with friends . The Tavern Grille has the best wings in Scottsdale , bar none . The staff is friendly and the wait time is reasonable .
mexican food in phoenix is waaay different than mexican food in los angeles but it was still great ! !
Nice restaurant and atmosphere . Food is great but not mind blowing . Limited menu and service is very nice .
Quite tasty though in lebanon u can find tastier ones . Bit pricy I felt . .
As always the sushi here was amazing . Everything is served fresh . Even on a busy Friday night we were able to get a table immediately . I need to come here more often .
My first time in Huntersville to buy a car ended with a nice meal at Taxco . The food was fresh and tasty . It was a good choice for dinner before heading back to SC .
Ladies this is our place ! I sometimes feel like I ' m gonna get taken but not here . Leo thank you for the wonderful service . Vegas Strong ! !
My favorite donation spot . The guys are super helpful in unloading the car . They are fast and get you in and out .
Great variety ! Friendly workers . The only thing I would improve would be that they should get a bigger place . It ' s a little crowded in there . Otherwise , delicious bagels .
Burger with a twist ! I got the pig burger which was flavored to perfection and my boyfriend got the mushroom burger also a good choice !
Fresh , tasty meals . A definite must try , if you are in Vegas . There are a few good choices in Henderson , but this place has to be on your list .
Good , Consistent sushi - quick , convenient and their tuna is always fresh . Big recommend !
You go Bobby Flay ! I think the one memorable thing I had was the tamales . . . MmmMmM . . .
Great coffee and service as usual . The drive through is always quick , accurate and delivered with a smile .
Ben did my full set . Very fun to chat with . He did a great job on my nails . I believe I found my new nail spot ! ! !
The cigar was amazing ! I got a dozen donuts and they were really good ! I would defiantly go back .
Two years going n get grilled chesse n chicken fingers n thier tacos n other daily special yeap
Great space . Terrific vibe . Fantastic staff . Also , the food exactly what you ' d expect comfort that hugs back .
Had the Italian Stallion sub , it was amazing and huge ! Great place for pizza , subs and salads .
What a find ! The Market is tucked away ( it faces 36th Street , even though it has a Indian School Road address ) the food was delicious , the quiche was perfect !
The place seems a bit haphazard but there were loads of options and the sushi was good for the most part . iPad ordering was a bonus ! I really liked the variety in dessert options .
Very good food and beautiful setting . Excellent lobster and salmon .
Good Thai place . I ' ve had better but this is definitely worth going if you ' re in the area .
Good place to get a haircut . Can sometimes be a hit or miss , but overall a good place .
Food and price is good . Only wish the servers English was a little better . She was very hard to understand but she was quick and efficient
Pecan pancakes are on point ! My girlfriend had the pancake and eggs combo with side of bacon which was also delicious .
Chinese food that delivers , it ' s hot when it arrives , tastes authentic and is reasonably prices . Yup . I ' m a regular orderer !
First time we went it was great food and onion rings to die for . Love the headlights on meaning ready to order .
Tried this restaurant while on vacation . Was very happy with service and food . Would definitely go back if I lived in Phoenix .
My 3 yr old and husband came here for a haircut and both cuts turned out great ! I was really impressed how great of a job they did !
AB is one the nice places to go in downtown Phoenix with a group . Awesome pretzel bread and you have to try the blue berry cheese cake , outstanding ! ! ! ! !
We sat down here for a quick snack before a Nobu meeting . The food and drink were delicious . Highly recommended . I had a caeser drink and a club sandwich . Everything was amazing !
i only gave it four stars because I ' ve only ate here once . the pancakes were very good . so moist that syrup is just optional .
Good desserts and nice place to hang but bad location . Right next to Hot n Juicy ( older one ) which is almost impossible to find a parking .
Staff was friendly but they did not have cardnitas today . . . on the bright side , my burrito broke and they were happy to double wrap it for me ^ . ^
Very nice , family atmosphere . Sister establishment of Gecko Grill on Baseline . Here for Happy Hour .
Yummy dishes that I had . Lentil wrap was really good . Super flavorful and needed zero hot sauce or sauce addition . Atmosphere was mellow and people seemed friendly . Would definitely recommend and return .
Great food and service the menu covers a wide variety of taste and flavors this place is great we came back for brunch and OMG and waiter Manny was the best we will be back again and again
Great value on their bbq sets ! For the price you get an abundant amount of food and side dishes ! So full !
Solid crepes , they seem like they ' re still settling in to their new space . I ' m sure this will be one of the best Crêpe spots in town though !
Sehr gutes amerikanisches Frühstück in hellem angenehmen Ambiente . Zum Frühstücken , wenn man im Wynn wohnt ideal .
This spot is crackin ! Went on NYE and it was the spot to be . Very fancy and classy . I ' d go back . Lost hella money though , damn . . .
Really liked the food here . The salami pizza was excellent , along with the basil pomodoro pasta . Also enjoyed the green salad .
Good decor and view but not a chocolate fan . Not sure what grandma style hot chocolate is even after ordering . Girlfriend liked it though
Food was great , had the Cuban sandwich . Service was friendly . Cashing out is awkward .
We ' ve had take out from here numerous times and never been disappointed . It ' s our go to place for good Greek food when we ' re back in town visiting relatives and friends .
Refurbished McDonalds building . Pretty yummy food so far . Burger with a sack of fresh cut fries . Sliders are what Mickey D hamburgers should taste like . The fried Zukes are da bomb ! Try it !
$ 8 . 50 for a waffle caked with sugar and a few pieces of fruit . I at it and now I feel like I ' m in diabetic shock . But it was delicious .
Wide selection and decent prices . Most worthwhile for me , as they have almost everything we like in one spot , at relatively reasonable prices .
Not bad , never try Thai legitimately before . I liked the atmosphere , very chill . They have full bar too , tonight we ' re eyeballing the wines menu . They are very friendly here .
Love this place . Service is spectacular ! The was was very clean inside and I felt the employees really wanted to help me . Definitely will be going back to this place !
Very good hipster food . Palatable but pricey . Beer was excellent . Comfortable atmosphere , although small . Open air patio . Street parking could be a problem . Stuffed dates were fantastic .
1 drink minimum . Shisha is excellent . Bring cash to tip the guy that brings you coals ! They bust their butts for you !
Great pizza and service . A bit noisy but it ' s a sports bar too . I think it ' s a good place to eat but you need to be 21 to enter because of the gaming
Dans le genre place à pizza et poulet frit dans Hochelaga , on peut difficilement avoir mieux ! Pas cher , rapide et bon goût !
Got the rise and shine acai bowl which was delicious and also the OG tuna poke bowl which was disappointing because it was super basic , salty and overpriced . Stick to the acai bowls !
Two massages and both were wonderful ! I am not sure how their prices compare to others in Las Vegas , but it seemed high to me .
The Chicken Box is awesome ! This place totally rates up there with Price ' s and it has better hours and is much less crowded .
Great spot in the village . Friendly staff , even though they forgot our cutlery . The portions are huge . And the view of St Catherine St is awesome .
If their baristas put just a little more effort on my latte , I would definitely rate 5 stars , unfortunately , there was a no art in it , to be fair = 4 . 8
Long time patient . Like both Dr Gerace and Dr Brown . Always attend to needs and answer questions .
This place was a great find . They have a huge produce section . My only gripe was not everything was that easy to find , but I could find most everything if I did some searching .
Breakfast is good , but their coffees are to die for ! I mainly go because it is definitely a different scene and their breves are delicious !
Very good fajitas and good srvice so like it in general to many experiences in Fajitas could confimed it is good one
The colorado meal was very good . My husband had the tongue taco and it was delicious as well , will definitely come back to try the others .
Service was quick . Soup was tasty and loved the unlimited noodles . Just wish they were a bit more aldente .
Pizza isn ' t anything crazy but it ' s cheap and filling . Service isn ' t amazing , but definitely worth the deal . Also convenient that they ' re open late .
Great food here . The curries with the squash and shrimp and what was really great . I miss this place - not Madison , but this place for sure .
I ' ve enjoyed their pizzas and the delivery service is great . I ' ll be ordering from them often .
The food is amazing , though the prices a bit high , but the waiters are very friendly , this was my second time there and I enjoyed every moment of it .
Nom nom nom . Wraps are good , can safely assume the platters are too . Baklava wasn ' t anything special though
Great lunch special that enabled us to taste several types of meat , appetizers and vegetables at a very reasonable price . Great flavor - - - especially the marinated beef . Very friendly and helpful staff .
Their chicken is very good . I love the smokiness and the slight crunch . The spicy sauce is good .
Delicious fresh fruit frozen treats in a well air conditioned shop . I got the mangoneada , a homemade mango popsicle made churrumais style w / lemon and chili . Perfect for the heat of Arizona summers .
Great for a quick meal at the airport . Of course you should set your expectations straight - this is the " fast food " of the cheese - steak world and the food will not amaze you .
Steak and salmon cooked perfectly . Wish it came with a salad or bread . Service was very friendly . Lots of TVs in the bar . Hopefully , this restaurant succeeds at this location .
Good location always have what I need . Prices are competitive . Staff has been helpful .
Good food . Took 15 minutes to make . Rice was good . The sauce was good . Taste like good chinesses good . Fast and decent price .
The stone pedi us kind of weak . I would really rather my calves be rubbed a bit longer . Other than that , standard rim of the mill quick nail salon .
Out of this world biscuits ! ! Super friendly staff ! The short wait in line was worth it !
This place is huge ! No need to get to dressed up it ' s like being out at the barn . Such a good time watching the bull riding . The MC is hilarious !
Got the combo for 3 - 4 people , good amount of food for the money . Nice staff & atmosphere . Would go again .
Ate here a few times . Quality and freshness of food was always consistent and very reasonably priced . Highly recommend it !
I nice local haunt still run by the man himself . Service was a touch on the slow side but it was pretty busy . Can ' t wait to try a milkshake .
Amazingly perfect food every time we eat there . The fish is always fresh . And the chefs fly the food out to the table . Never a wait .
Nice cozy environment during the brunch hour . Service was a little slow but can ' t blame them , they were busy . Very friendly staff and food was good so can ' t complain too much .
It ' s two halfs to this club ( hip hop & techno ) . Overall it ' s pretty easy to enjoy here . The cashier Cookie was helpful and social .
Food was very decent for whatever reason everything seem to taste a little bit on the sweet side . Had the ribeye was cooked exactly as asked 4 and a half lobster tail overall good dinner .
Absolutely beautiful place to have brunch while in Vegas . Delicious food and impeccable service .
Great subs and salads . Staff and owner very attentive . Awesome ice tea .
Great food , had the Pho steak it was really good . The shrimp spring rolls were awesome with a great sauce . Service could have been more enthusiastic but timely .
This food is delicious ! I love that they shave the gyro meat fresh . Groupons are available - great opportunity to try the place if you haven ' t already done so .
Much improved . Excellent kamut bread .
Incredible sandwiches , incredible price . Need a better soft drink selection with machine .
Great bar and good food . The etoufee is very salty but the BBQ trio is amazing . Great bar atmosphere and Angie is an amazing bartender ! !
Food is great , try the smoor ' s , first time i ever had chocolate bacon . Nothing fancy but great value for the price .
Double D ' s taking my order ! I love this place , the taste doesn ' t matter anymore !
Every time I ' m in Montreal , I have breakfast here . They give you tons of food for great prices .
Food was ok , but burger was SUPER greasy . Dessert ( chocolate peanut butter pretzel pie ) was delicious .
Excellent modern Mexican food . Had the shredded wild bore ! Really good . Also sampled other dishes my friends had . Absolutely fabulous !
Shrimp taquitos were great . The chicken sandwich I had was really juicy - not dry like most . Clam chowder also tasty . Definitely recommend
Great price and a wide variety of meat and seafood . I believe on the weekends they even feature lobster ! I love their desserts also but I would recommend the Green Papaya Salad !
Good food , great ambiance , potentially abrasive staff if you ' re unlucky , but most are great !
Great pizza , fast and friendly . Off the strip a bit down the walkway . Nice outdoor seating .
Service and food were great . Lost a star due to ac not seems to be working well . The duck was awesome and so was the salmon
My whole experience wasn ' t perfect but the food was very good . Service could be more attentive . This place is ambitious but they pull it off . We will be back !
Excellent korean BBQ for a great price . It was a long wait , aside from that it was amazing .
We upgraded our room and was well worth it . On the weekends it ' s super busy so the elevators seem very packed and take forever but I bet thats almost everywhere .
Pastrami good , new york steak was ok . Cheesecake is the bomb . Good fruit bowl .
The wait time at this place when its busy is ridiculous . We waited about 45 minutes because the restaurant was packed and there was only 1 lady cooking . When the food finally came it was delicious .
Best burger in town ! ! ! I love how all the in n outs I ' ve gone too have awesome service and delicious burgers and fries ! ! Quick service and everything tastes fresh !
New , clean & Very convenient to Montreal international airport . Shuttle service was great . No complimentary breakfast , but there is a restaurant in the Hotel .
Pho was amazing , the atmosphere was nice , the staff was friendly , overall a good place
I think this is the best sushi restaurant in Liberty Village , was my go - to when I was living there . Not super expensive , nice portions and fast service . Great for take out as well
Good quick food . Not priced that bad which is nice considering that it is the only place close by .
The food was amazing but my drink was never refilled and the waitress took FOREVER to give us our check .
Fresh made fries and burger made to order . No frills . I ' m a sucker for fake cheese sauce out of the machine . Friendly guy .
That was my first Korean food so I don ' t know if it was good or not Korean - wise . I like it anyways . A little expensive though .
wow such a cool bistro or gelato place . Tons of interseting falvors . On wed they have . a Wow tea which means all kinds of tea are 2 dollars
Delicious food in a pleasing small town setting . Only negative was uncomfortable downstairs chairs . Would definitely go again . Ben N
Creamy , delicious ice cream in a fun old - fashioned feeling place . The price was right too , with a large single - scoop cone costing about $ 2 .
Great place for desserts ! Great selection of different desserts for everyone , even for those who are not interested in chocolate . Wished we could have tried everything on the menu .
Food was indeed authentic Asian food . Taste was pretty good as well . A little bit on the expensive side , but still one of the better Asian restaurants in town .
Great music . Two espaces to be , dancing club and bar . They dont take debit but there is an ATM
Had an incident while we were there but not a big deal . Informed the manager and he handled the situation very well . Definitley appreciated and would come back to this location .
Awesome find . We ordered the oktoberfest and venison sausages and the dirty duck fat fries . All was very delicious ! ! !
Primero las comí en NY , ahora en Phoenix , y siguen estando igual de buenas , muy recomendables . Buen servicio , el lugar muy agradable .
I love the rye bread on their pastrami sandwich and the matzo ball soup . This may be my second identical review , but it is that good .
Good service . Good nachos . Good burgers . Amazing shakes . Great environment . Great place .
Good place for breakfast / Brunch . sleek decoration . Fresh food . Good service
A stalwart of the King St restaurant row , this place is remarkably consistent . Super - fresh Naan , and all the dishes are tasty . This has become my go - to lunch buffet spot .
Absolutely awesome ! ! This is seriously the equivalent of Bev Mo except everything just seems cleaner and classier . They have cheese , wine glasses , and pretty nice specials too !
Love this spot ! We take our son here for old school shakes , sundaes , and floats . Cute ambiance , great selections !
The Indian roll is GOOD . The service was excellent and sitting down on a Saturday night at 7 was quick . Their upstairs hookah club didn ' t start until 10PM EST though . . .
Great wait staff . Very comfortable . Food was fresh and very good . We had lunch . Spicy chicken sandwich and salad . Excellent . Highly recommend .
I noticed they have added child ' s portions to their menu , with one piece of fish . Quality is consistently good .
They have really good chicken . The salsa bar is always a bit messy . They also didn ' t honor their promo that was on their website .
They have the best grilled veggie chicken sandwich I ' ve ever had . Very tasty . However I was pretty disappointed to learn that its only a lunch item and not offered throughout the day .
Pizza is great ! Had the philly cheese steak pizza with traditional crust . Family loved the fried chicken . Service was great . Definitely will come again !
My wife and I eat here every time we are in Cleveland . love the piano bar . The steaks are fantastic and the Italian dishes are authentic . We love our daughter Danielle for bringing us here
The food was amazing and the service was quick and nice . Wish I had more space for bread and coffee .
this place is fun a little on the pricey side compared to what it use to be but i do like the new restaurant
Excellent beer joined . Lemon pepper and blackened Parmesan wings are tangy and have bite , service is up to par and the liquor bar is well stocked
Pretty darn good pho . More expensive than what is typical for pho in Southern California , but for Scottsdale it ' s probably normal .
Stopped here for lunch after a walking tour of Montreal . I had the eggplant parmigiana special that included their salad bar and soup offering . Both the food and service was excellent . Highly recommended !
Staff are super friendly and they do a great job scooping and setting up the ice - cream cones . I ' d eat it indoors though because it melts the moment you go outside .
This place has great food and the price is perfect . I can get a healthy size bean and cheese burrito for less than $ 3 . On Wednesday ' s they have $ 1 chicken tacos .
Great atmosphere . Across the street from h I best in the west shopping center so it ' s not that hard I fundm pretty good deal for the California Rolls . 8 for like 6 or 7 bucks
Very good pizza . Decent decor . Small . Good value . We used Groupon coupon , but regular prices were still decent .
Truffle spaghetti , cheeseburger , escargots and add truffle for everything ! Cocktails are also a delight !
Love the atmosphere and service here . Really complements the food . Enjoy a nice Shisha as an aperitif
Great show , not just the magic tricks , Mac King is very funny
Ramen is great , specially for a sushi place . I don ' t like sushi much so I got the ramen , it was great , not too many vegtables , more noodles and broth to eat .
Really good ! Lots of choices and great service . Food was brought out quickly too . The only thing I didn ' t like was how loud it was .
The staff is friendly , the restaurant is clean sna the foods good ! I eat here pretty regularly and think it ' s great !
Just had the short rib butcher block for two and the sticky toffee pudding . . . delicious ! : )
Not the best service , but the food is pretty good . The jerk chicken and chicken curry have both been pretty good experiences . Definitely worth a try !
Everything was great food Ms service giving 4 for that , my only problem I have is that every time I come here they never have otoro or chutoro
Great filet mignon ! Nice and attentive staff . Bit boring interior . Good for small parties .
Good price , great service , great food . I always get the parsley nachos . Another favorite is the falafel plate or BBQ chicken .
Probably the best jerk chicken of all time , very good service and a good spot to go hang out and eat , definitely would go again when I ' m in the area .
Krispy Kreme took the Vegas market by storm during my highschool days and this location was the spot for me . Their glazed donuts fresh out of the oven are just fantastic .
Good option for drunchie meals , but i ' ve had better mexican food elsewhere .
The food was decent and very similar to the other location at Southern and Alma School in Mesa . The server was pleasant , so overall I would recommend this restaurant .
Nice tapas , great fish , and several yummy vegetarian options . The service was excellent , and not a terrible price for the location and ambiance .
Staff is always friendly . Bathrooms are always clean . THey have a red box movie rental inside . Gas prices are always about average . Across the street from a nice park .
Expensive but they did a great job fixing the back end of my brand new SUV . Perfect repair job .
I love the concept of your party having exclusive access to the bounce areas and rotating the parties ; no dealing with the public ' s unruly and never disciplined children ! Great & enthusiasric staff !
The food is great , the shawarma plate , hummus , mixed grill , it could ' ve been better tho . The staff and service is ok . 4 - star mostly is for the garlic souce
had a classic potato i believe it was called " king " and it was good and priced decent considering it was inslde the airport . i would definitely go another round
Atmosphere wasn ' t my thing . Dark and depressing but food was fairly good . It ' s in a really cute neighborhood .
Good food , good service and pretty good fish and chips . Although the chicken tenders were cooked from frozen , it is still a very solid place . I would definitely try again .
lone ranger ! ! ! ! ! xd extreme digital
Standard burger and souvlaki spot that gets it right . Large fry and onion ring portions . Nice job .
Amazing family bakery It was good before and is perfect now A great addition to the parkroyal neibourhood Don ' t go anywhere else
Great prices and very kind patient staff .
Not cheap , but very yummy ! I love the view of the lake . Always good customer service and fast . We come here often since we live close by . I would definitely recommend !
rooms are pretty nice for the price especially it being off the strip
Cool airport with great service and friendly employees . A nice environment , can ' t wait to get back ! !
Great location and room was clean and updated . Check in was a bit of a wait but that can be expected in Vegas . . .
This is a great place ! Friendly service . great seasoned food the meat was tender and just melted in my mouth I would definitely recommend this place . .
Never experienced the original but I do like this place . The chicken sandwich and steak fries were better than than average . I had lunch at the bar so service was not an issue .
The best gyros ever ! The sandwich is tender and tasty . The sauce is flavorful , the feta tastes fresh . Order two because you will want to eat it again ! Service is okay & friendly .
Have an Arrogant Bastard for me , will ya ?
Yummy ! Good hearty buffet ; fine for lunch . Many better buffets in Vegas , but none more commonly satisfying south of the city than South Point , though try the M Resort Casino buffet for quality .
Love the variety and I love my boba . Great staff , friendly and delicious items . Almost too much variety sometimes . The place could use more seating but it ' s great otherwise .
Great diner , reminds me of New York ! Food is good and great portions . . . The service is always great . . . Anyone looking for a diner style place , this is the place .
Was pretty tasty for a first night in Montreal . Tried traditional poutine - cheesy fries . Seemed like a good idea at the time but not super recommended . Tartare was really tasty . Mini burgers were fine
Wonderful show . But one thing everyone must know - - Sit in first row of your section ! This way u don ' t hv drunk girls dancing right in front of you !
More towards the Indian side . I like the food . Pav bhaji was good . Triple schezwan noodles are also good . Also the vada pav . I can come again
The shakes are pretty delicious , the food is just alright . Nothing to write home about . Although the shakes are great , they are more on the pricey side . Lots of outdoor seating .
If your expectations are low . . . They will be exceeded . If you are " foodie " you shouldn ' t be at a buffet in the first place !
Had breakfast there this morning . Attentive and friendly service , tasty breakfast . The creamy dreamy grits were quite tasty and the chicken sausage gravy was very flavorful . Will be back .
Just had the vermicelli with chicken and shrimp . It was very good . Will order it again with double chicken . Had to wait quite a while for the food but it was worth it .
Fun beer selection and not crowded . This place feels like it should be in central Phoenix , which I love !
When you want good Mexican , this is the place . Great location to be happy about loading a Mexican brick in your belly .
What a lovely restaurant ! Atmosphere was great . Wine selection is superb , and the calamari appetizer was delicious .
Good job
Cute little bar that offers a tremendous selection of brews . Great for happy hour or just to hang out with friends . The hot dogs themselves are worth the trek .
Visiting Mesa for a conference . I love my tour of Arizona Craft Brewers Guild establishments . Had to have 2 servings of All or Nothing . . . double black ipa . yum .
The coffee flavored whipped cream on the coffee is yummy ! The mushroom asparagus scone was a bit doughy . Great atmosphere !
Authentic French breakfast place in Las Vegas . Looks like it ' s family owned . Nice vibe , good food , affordable prices . Enjoy it !
LOVE the duck fat fries You almost cannot go wrong with any sausage you pick A massive beer selection Great staff and great ambience
I never had the opportunity to actually begin my education with Everest College . But , I was able to meet and speak with the faculty . They were very helpful and curteous .
Great food for the healthier side of life people like myself but want to grab food quick . . . . . .
Everything that you look for in a Pizza place . Amazing hand made pizzas , fresh ingredients and awesome service .
Very nice and relaxing atmosphere . Pizza and garlic bread were very good . 312 on tap was nice .
First time visit today . . . the flagship store was full of great spring decor ideas , scored a daffodil candle that scream spring , grabbed some deals at the outlet .
Good cafe to spend an afternoon at . They make pretty good cofee , and have quiet space on the second floor suitable for studying or working on your laptop .
Decent service . Not great but not terrible . Large selection of wine and an expansive menu .
For a late night snack of chicken wings or some Chinese " dessert soup " , you can easily find something that you would like at Sweet Culture .
Delicious appetizers and entrees ! Cocktails were also amazing . Desert was just so - so . The shrimp and lobster menu items were fantastic . I had the pork tenderloin and it was divine ! !
Great food with very decent portion sizes . First time visit for the 4 of us . Waiter was extremely knowledgeable about everything on the manageable - sized menu .
Good quality food , some unique choices , great pickels and the cookies are awesome . Not a great value , they are quite expensive and the sides - extremely small .
The place is a dump . The service is frequently spotty . The food is STELLAR !
The service was great and the food is very good . Love the atmosphere and recommend going there . The only negative was there was too much vinegar on the eggs benedict .
Love this place ! Great food , large portions and friendly service . Ask for the senior discount .
This is my new favorite pizza joint ! The ingredients are always fresh and the pizza taste amazing ! Definitely will recommend
I like this place . I don ' t care if its an older gym at least the equipment isn ' t broken .
Awesome awesome gyro ' s with enormous portions ! Only problem West Market has no real indoor seating to eat what you buy which needs to be remedied . .
This is a great mini trip for those who love the outdoors . You can stop at the various spots to look and take photos . Don ' t go in the summer as the heat is unbearable .
Loved our sassy little sever ! She was taken wonderful care of us . Knows peoples needs . . . she is a professional
Staff was attentive . Good was ok . To me lacked flavor . Very limited menu but everyone was satisfied with their meal
Golfed here In January . great fun , the layout was challenging and mad you think . The course was well maintained and the service was awesome .
Great little place . Speedy food , fresh taste and the Chicken Momo ' s ( aka dumpling ) are really really tasty . Highly recommend this place if you are looking for fast & yummy indian food .
Great car wash ! They did a thorough job inside and outside of my truck . Finally a Carwash that puts time into your car . .
Just had dinner there for the first time and the fiid was delicious ! A bit over priced but I ' ll for sure come back , the waiters could have been nicer though .
Good food and service . Only gave 4 stars because there is usually a decent wait time due to the lack of space . Other than that , no complaints !
Awesome service , great food , good brunch with kiddos
This place is a great Korean bbq spot . I had the chicken teriyaki plate and I ate all of the delicious wonders of Korean food . The kimchi mixed with the soup adds more flavor and delight .
The Blu Cheese grits were fantastic ! Even better the next day . Ribs had such a unique taste . Savory & sweet .
Happy hours was great ! Portions were small but reflected the prices . Got table right away . Server was nice and friendly . Foods were good . Would recommend .
I ' ve only been here once but it was a pleasant experience . Spacious and clean bathrooms with plenty of stalls . They have a full bar which is really cool .
We had great service and great food . Although not a traditional beignet , theirs were absolutely wonderful to start off breakfast . The crepes were delicious and savory . American breakfast was okay .
Not your typical sushi place . They have a very creative menu . We went with the very knowledgable waiter recommendation and were not disappointed . A little pricey but very good and unique food .
Good quick place to grab lunch or to pick up dinner on the way home from work . The kids menu items they ' ve added make it easier to find something for everyone in the family .
A good spot . A little off the beaten path for uptowners , but the food is always good .
The pretzel fondue and short rib stew were perfect for a storming summer evening . The stew was absolutely packed with flavor , flavor that ' s difficult to justify with words .
Very good food great atmosphere . If you want a taco but something different . Try the Peking duck taco .
They ' re a bit pricy but the drinks were really good . I had the iced tea and a vanilla late .
I love getting my flowers here ! They always have a nice selection and their Friday deals are awesome . Everytime I ' ve been there the workers are always friendly and helpful .
Stopped in for take out . Sushi was good ! The staff was very nice and gave me a tour . Will definitely be back .
Had a berry banana smoothie after the dolphin / lion exhibit nearby . Good stuff , not overpriced either . service was very friendly .
Good place . Came at 11 on a Saturday and it was empty . Good food and service . We plan on coming back for sure .
What a great little addition to the Distillery . The space is excellent and falls nicely into the Distillery ' s style . Some great shows to catch here .
Food is great , authentic thai food made fresh ! A little pricey but well worth it . Food atmosphere , server are precise and awesome ! ! !
I went here to quickly get a snack while waiting up for some people . There was no line so it came out immediately . The staff was nice .
Overall a good place . I ate there a couple times for breakfast during my latest trip to Las Vegas . The food was good and the service was fine .
Nice family atmosphere . Lots of seating . Good food ! ! Clean . If you love barbecue this is a must try ! !
Thx guys . The beer was tasty and the street tacos were awesome . My lady says the salmon tacos were the best but I preferred the bison . Thx again and see you soon .
Great vibe , fascinating menu , delightful flavors , nice presentations - I ' ll be back !
Great service and their Chili Colorado is a must . Enjoy a margarita as well . Very tasty ! ! !
Had the garlic lobster pizza it was delicious . The cross was the bomb I could sit here and eat that all day . Gotta try It ! ! ! ! ! !
The sours are DESTIHL ' s specialty for sure . Stick with ' em and you ' ll enjoy your drinking experience !
Good job on a boot repair . Fast and did not hesitate . Many repair shops would not repair this because its not a guaranteed fix . Good work ! they are fixed
Bowl of greens was fast , tasty , and satisfying for two visiting friends and myself . I wish I knew about it sooner .
I went there for the first time a couple of weeks ago . Nice environment , good food and really nice whiskey selection .
Great authentic mexican food . Awesome chips , tacos , and burritos . Oh , and their salsa bar is killer good ! ! ! !
Enjoyed the great weather today by dining outside for lunch . All of the elements in the Scottish Salmon complemented each other very well .
Wallet friendly and good quality The service is ok but you may have to wait for a table since this place is popular in Annex
A good place for dining . Tried chicken fried rice , it ' s good and affordable . An attached Bar is also available . Recommended for chinese food .
Un resto chic avec allures de caféteria , convivial , simple et gastronomique , plein de tables pour organiser un party , terrasse et creme glacé dispo . J ' adore !
Doesn ' t get 5 stars due to price of salad and lettuce not organic . This review for new Blakeney location . Overall food is very good .
Nice Neapolitan pizza , authenic Italian . . one of the best in town . . thank you guys , Grazie !
The food is delicious but what ' s most notable about this place is their staff . Very friendly and fun . If you ' re looking for a quick cheap bite , this is your jam !
Good vegan ice cream .
If you ask for Rawia you will not be disappointed . She keeps my brows thick and shaped beautifully . Others have completely ruined me . Be ware . I would not go here without her .
The service and environment , location , private party room available are great for parties . The dessert and food are excellent .
Love this place . Casino clams , grouper w / ramps , cocktails were sensational . Only down side was that they were out of oysters . Will definitely be back
Place is awesome for the kids . Only problem is it ' s hard to keep track of them because it ' s so busy .
Went to register my vehicle on a Tuesday right when they opened and was done in under 30 minutes ! No appointment necessary .
We had a 5 nights stay at sleep inn north . it was worthwhile . Hotel is clean , nice and quiet and staff is great . i would stay here again and recommend this to anyone .
Good food and atmosphere , live singer on friday night was nice , but the best thing is the wine menu . Grab a bottle and share it with friends over dinner
Great place to eat . Food always taste fresh . Frequently visit ray road location . Ice machine always seems to be broke . Kind of unsanitary to scoop ice with scooper laying in the ice .
Taco Tuesday is the best time to go . Margaritas are very good . Service is okay . There ' s a very nice , big patio to enjoy .
The food here was pretty good the service was awesome had a server by the name of Christina that was on point with her service . Would definitely go back to the place just due to the service .
excellent selection of garden supplies . staff very helpful
Not bad for a casual dinner . They didnt seem to want to handle a large group of 19 . Food was good
The wedding cake cupcake is everything great that the other reviews say it is . So light and fluffy cup cake ( not dense ) with a light wonderful texture frosting . The cupcakes are baked fresh daily .
Love BWW at Steele Creek . The staff is great . The food doesn ' t always come out consistently , but we generally like it all and have a great time playing trivia .
The pie crust was nice and thin . The onions cut just perfectly and the sausage crumbled well . The hot Italian sausage hoagie was delicious !
Checked it out , had a coffee and just sat around reading for a few hours . Not bad . Great environment and I loved how peaceful it was !
I tried it 3 years back and found it amazing Prices were really economical . Staff is friendly They are famous for halwa and puri
Great place ! Leanne was amazing i will be back ! She was very sweet and she did a great job on my nails !
Always a good experience at this Olive Garden . The service is typically good and the food is always amazing , especially considering the price .
I had a wonderful time here , the food was great , service was attentive and it was very cozy . Definitely coming back !
This is my first time here and I got say the food is great . There fries are really good love it ! ! ! EA
They clam chowder is always amazing . The portions of fried catfish is huge . The po boys are so bomb . You have to try this place !
For benchmarking I always order Lengua and / or Tripas , and these guys are doing it right . Will come again . 4 . 5 / 5
This place has been packed almost every time I have gone , but I love it , so it is worth it . Broccoli cheddar soup is to die for ! ! !
Vegetarian pho was great . Four stars only because that ' s their only vegan option - hopefully they ' ll add some additional items to the menu !
Food and service were very good . The dining area was lacking cleanliness . They need to be better at cleaning the tables during busy times , but the service and food was exceptional .
Good food , no cause for complaints there . Decent customer service , didn ' t feel very welcoming . Not in a rush to go back .
The place was fun ! We had my daughters birthday dinner here . . . lots of great music and drinks ! The food was descent . the drinks were my favorite by far !
Food is pretty good . . . hot dogs r excellent burgers are different and fries are homemade . . . this place has a lot of personality . Really good service .
Been awhile since I ' ve gone , and usually with a group . It was nice with lunch they do have smaller options . Also a few gluten - free meals . Better than I ever remembered .
I ordered two Natural Burgers and I am happy to say that they were good and the service was quick and friendly . No complaints here .
Neat urban space to come and take a few pictures . It ' s a very calming place if the weather isn ' t too hot . There was plenty of parking available when I went .
These guys are great ! Take good care of my 2002 Ford Exploder and don ' t treat me like a girl : - ) Go see them
Nice atmosphere , people are very friendly and welcome . Foods was good . If you are vegan , I would recommended this place . Lunch special is very inexpensive . Family and kids friendly .
Stripsteak is solid . Been here about a dozen times and never had a bad meal . Service is quality and they can correctly cook a steak . Duck fat fries are definitely worth ordering .
Pretty good , would give it a 5 if the fish didn ' t taste bland and my girl friends steak had way to much fat on the prime rib .
Decent thai , have had the crispy fish , today spicy cashew nut chicken . Good flavor , a little too tomato - y for my taste . Cute spot in old town .
Love this place , any time of day . Food is delish , just stay away from the desserts , always leave me wondering .
Was an alright first experience , grabbed a pizza after the knights fireworks . No wait , food was ready fairly quickly . Would recommend .
Very good salads , a little bit of a wait but worth it for sure , also a bit pricy but it ' s good size portions .
This is for the Superbook - theater for watching sports . One of my fav spots for watching sports in vegas ! Multiple huge project screens plenty of theater seats $ 2 beer betting right outside theater
Amazing food ! Loved it ! Went with co - workers from work and everyone enjoyed their dish . The steak entrée was delicious and very reasonably priced . We will be coming back for sure . . .
My sister and I went there for lunch I had the haddock sandwich special it was tasty and a little spicy I accompanied it with the Lavender Collins yummyyy I will definitely go back
Love how late the hours are since I don ' t get off til late . Food is on point and delish ! ! !
Had a groupon for a pedicure and gel mani . The gel held up really well . The little studio is super cute , I liked it !
Very nice service . Food was good . Not the best I have had but for a little place in Lynwood it has my vote .
Great Korean food and friendly ownership / service . Visits : 7 + Recommendation : extra crispy bibimbap in the stone bowl
Good dancers and original theme ! Very funny interaction with the audience . One thing that bothered me is they ripped off the " glove " dance from cirque du soliel ' s " One " .
Wow ! I ' m pleasantly surprised ! The manager called and apologized ! He told me to come in to get a refund . Great customer service ! !
Not bad for 24hrs . Pho was good but not great . Combo sandwich was tasty and hit the spot . Server was short but polite - no frills and to the point .
Good all - you - can - eat Korean BBQ place . Much cleaner than a lot of the Korean barbecue places in Las Vegas . Service is a little slow .
Fantastic experience here . Great eye exam and a nice selection of frames .
Love the happy hour . Appetizers for just $ 5 . Service is good and food was great . The chocolate cake will keep us coming back
Really great sandwiches ! The menu is huge ! A tad overwhelming , I would say look at the menu online first . But be prepared for a tasty treat .
Delish . Great service . Wonderful view . Relaxing and affordable as steak houses go . Get off the tourist trap strip and get to the M for some wonderful food and a beautiful hotel / casino .
Tacos aren ' t small like other places and they give u lots of meat too . . . highly recommend
such a nice garden and we really enjoy it . the gardeners really do their job great ! it ' s totally worth to visit , would like come back .
We actually had catering from this place , but it was great ! Suiza enchiladas , black beans , rice , yum . Good stuff .
Nice place to check out . Outdoor seating . Friendly staff . Food is pretty good .
Good food . Lots of burger options that do not disappoint . Too bad the service was slow . The Kipling site is now short . There are other locations around town .
Delicious but super pricy for a taco . ( As an FYI , it ' s really dark inside and can be kinda hard to read the many )
Best burgers in Boulder City . Always has awesome deals and timely service . Best Malts in Boulder City , as well !
Favorite one on campus with simple food and good staff and the service is fast and easy served as casual dinner at SAIT campus . The prices are affordable . And the ambiance is awsome .
Delicious pastries ! Although a bit pricey .
My three baby are not a big fun of the cookies and dry fruits . They love the beef liver and coco ring
Fast service , hot food , and a great waitress named Maggie . All this and on a Sunday at high noon
Great menu with lots of variety in choices . The food was hot and very good . Tables and sitting area were crowded together , but not bad for such a small locality .
I went to lunch here the other day the service was terrific the food was good . The atmosphere was very welcoming . We will definitely be coming back .
Very good authentic Mexican food . Will definitely be back to try some other items on the menu .
Tried last week at a bbq so I knew I had to go and visit ! Great friendly service ! Fresh and delishous . 4 / 5 as cash only .
Love they ' re wings , sometimes they may be over cooked because the bone breaks easy but overall good wings
Great pork belly tacos . Small plates nice to try many items . Has good energy buzzing . Definitley will be returning next time in Charlotte .
My food smells like heaven ! ! Service is so sweet and friendly . . . This spot is a good one . . 4 thumbs up . . . .
I only come here on the days I ' m not with my trainer to do cardio & abs . The machines are well kept & Svetlana is my favorite instructor .
Fantastic food and even better Happy Hour deals ! Awesome atmosphere and late night snacks . Service is not the best , but that was the only complaint .
Pretty decent place to grab a bite with the Family . Gaming bar is separated from the dining side . TVs everywhere for your viewing pleasure . All food ordered today was good . Chicken strips were excellent .
This was my first visit . I love the interior decoration of this place . Clean . Had a really yummy sundae . A bit pricey though .
We stayed here in June , 2011 and loved it . It was clean , relatively quiet and the food was great . A really lovely place .
Went in the afternoon when it was slower - great tacos and the beergarita was very good . Great atmosphere !
Awesome place - my go to spot in Tempe Fresh , local and organic and delicious to boot !
Went here for breakfast the other day . Had an omelette and a curtado . Very small , cute place . Good food . Nice staff . Enjoyed it ! a lil gem nearby .
Good food and nice people that is my definition of this place . Great for lunch and dinner the service is good and prices are reasonnable , especially for lunch .
Delicious food , the beef marinaded in coconut was the best and I don ' t even like coconut . Big portions could only finish 1 / 2 of it .
Great noodle dishes . The green curry is wonderful as well . Space is small and there isn ' t an area to wait for a table .
World class . Inspired architecture . Frida and Rodrigo was excellent .
This place is absolutely gorgeous inside and the food matches it ! Great food , BUT pricey . I would have given it five stars if it weren ' t so expensive .
It was okay pizza . Nothing beats the pizza at the cosmo . No one beats that . The service was aigjt nothing special . Not the friendliest . But the pizza is okay .
Great location and super friendly staff ! Fast service during lunch hour . Loved the lunch specials !
Good food , good value and great service . Port City provides generous portions presented in a timely fashion and appetizing manner . I have tried a variety of entrees and have not been disappointed .
Really good food and generous portions . Attentive service and good family spot for quick meal . Will def be back .
The scallops were awesome ! Service was a little slow but worth the wait .
Our go to breakfast place ! Friendly service and good fried potatoes . They remember you when you visit which is a plus . The hostess is a doll and the owners are very nice .
I think this is a Persian style kebab shop . It ' s the little things that I love here : garlic sauce , bread made in house and the grilled tomatoes .
I really had a good time at the grand opening ! Everyone was really nice . The cider choices were great .
Shrimp Cagun Pasta was very good . Nice bar and the house pilsner hit the spot . Others had the lamb and ribeye and all would return here again .
Nice place , rooms are excellent . My only complaint is the pool will not let you bring your own drink , even in a plastic cup
The turkey burger was awesome and my love had the salmon salad . She loved it and the service was great ! We will definitely be back to try dinner !
I ' ve been there once and loved it ! The fish tacos are delish and who doesn ' t like a nice little trip to NoDa ?
The food here is really awesome and delicious . Very flavorful and great full bar too ! The ambience is great ! Their shrimp and beef dishes are wonderful .
Their burgers are absolutely worth the money , the garlic fries are amazing , and the upper deck location is gorgeous .
Went there last night and had the meatloaf . it was very good . The service was good and the staff was very friendly and engaging .
There is a lack of competition on this side of town . However , of the 3 , maybe 4 that I have tried around here , heritage is by FAR the best .
The sushi was average , I also felt the list of rolls was much smaller than other sushi places ive eaten at . Nothing really stuck out here to me , but it was a pleasant experience .
Good food , but the young girl behind the counter seems bothered that she had to help me . However , another woman , who was a little older , was very helpful .
The BEST Long Island Iced Teas you will ever have ! More vegetarian options would be much appreciated .
Great food , owners and staff . If your looking for steaks . Not on this menu yet . I am sure they will be soon .
" Fresh " Hot Baguette , Croissant ! ! OMG But when their are not fresh is like regular bread in the market Recently try salami sandwich and don ' t remember pork one excellent
always busy on the first of the month ! ! first week of the month i guess after that its mellow . has everything beer , brocoli , underwear and bug spray .
Pretty cool ambiance . The food was very good . I had the pad thai and others ordered the bento box / red curry chicken . Price was fair . I recommend .
If you ' re looking for one of those new up and coming cupcake shops , this is definitely the place to go ! Just make sure you get there quick !
The jalapeño cheese fritters are a tasty start ! Try the sautéed chicken and zucchini for dinner . It ' s delicious and doesn ' t leave you feeling overly stuffed .
This place is always fun . Be prepared to wheel and deal . They have a lot of random things . It ' s like one big garage sale . Lol
Great location , me and my business partner were visiting Toronto from New York and was mentioned this spot . Great portions and cheap price , the food was amazing . would go back .
Favourite restaurant ! Waiting has never been a problem - prices , selection , presentation & quality of food is always good & they accommodate my requests ! Just love the salad & bread sticks !
I split a cold and a warmed lobster roll with a buddy . Great tasting lobster , both equally good . A little pricey for the modest size ( $ 18 each ) . Wished it were bigger .
Service with a smile the finger hot and crispy . The place is clean and they have a lot of Raiders pictures .
Very nice cafe . Was hungry for a dessert and a coffee for pickup . Everything tasted grate . Only downside is that the place is super busy and loud .
This is my go to Mediterranean restaurant when on the go . The Greek salad is my favorite and completely gluten free ( without the pita of course ) Very resonably priced also and very fresh ingredients .
The food isn ' t incredible but the portions and cheap prices always make me come back . This is a popular spot for u of t students so it can get pretty loud in the evenings .
Chicago Joe ' s is a great place . Food is authentic and the specials are great . Had the seafood ravioli with cream sauce and grilled shrimp . The creamy garlic salad dressing was fantastic .
Fresh high quality sushi ! Not something you would expect from an AYCE place . Food comes fast .
First time here Yellow curry is great ! The potatoes were undercooked but still was great overall ! I will visit again ! ! ! : ) I love this place ! ! I service was good !
I think I ' ll always have fond memories of Kahunaville - particularly because of their super - sized fancypants margaritas ( love love love ) , and I ' m definitely not a margarita drinker .
Everything we tried was delicious ! And the service was amazing . My group chose to share everything we ordered . The oysters were fresh , and I especially enjoyed the Short Rib Mac n Cheese .
Cool place good design , great food , and drinks are cheap . Pretty people , prettier staff . No complaints here
Very busy today ! Just driving through and bought some apples . Very friendly workers and clean store . They didn ' t have my favorite golden delicious apples but oh well lol
Friendly and affordable . Very much a family atmosphere . Nothing fancy , definitely a country feel . The fish and chips were great and the kids liked the fried pickles and spaghetti .
The show is VERY funny I really like it but I rate 4 out of 5 because the drinks were water down .
These are totally cute and great non - traditional birthday cakes . I got one for a friend at work once and she was so happy she cried .
This McDonald ' s is pretty awesome ! The staff is always very nice and talkative ! I love the chocolate dipped ice cream cones ! Very tasty ! ! ! !
This is my favorite place for Japanese food . The prices are reasonable , the service is great and the food is wonderful !
I gave them back a star . I like their noodles .
Fresh , home cooked , attentive staff , and great flavors . I got the chicken shawarma and veggies - a little greasy for my liking but the flavor was great .
I would say it ' s overrated , but the burgers are definitely good but not great . Love the cheese fry ' s !
I sat at the Sushi bar . Food was fresh and tasty . A bit pricy for standard Sushi but good .
Absolutely enjoyed the stay . Clean rooms . Must try Primarily Prime Rib restaurant . Blackened Prime Rib Delicious ! ! ! ! ! ! The burger joint was great also . Will definitely consider staying here again
Good food great price ! Everybody loves Showmars ! ! ! If you haven ' t been here you ' re missing out !
Good food that is more authentic than your average chinese restaurant . Definitely worth a try !
My spot 4 a really genuine cacao treat . The Venezuelan as a hot chocolate is my preferred .
Free WiFi . Carneasada flavor was good but taste boil not grilled . service was OK . The salsa was watery . Lots of good combos
Owner delivers great customer service and truly cares about her patients
This is a fun place to go and the environment is second to none ! A little on the pricey end but well worth is !
Beaux choix de salades à emporter maison de chocolats de qualité avec une terrasse confortable . Station Bixi juste en face
Good dim sum and a great deal . The atmosphere is standard dim sum restaurant ( nothing fancy ) but the value of the deal makes up for it .
Fried calamari was over cooked but the fish tacos were really good . Service was really good as well .
Really quick service , great prices , specials , delicious salad , friendly cute bartender and a draw for a BlueJays jersey . . . . now that ' s a great package ! ! !
Great selection of products . Always have a nice clothing selection and their clearance sections are bigger than most . Easy to get to . Nice layout . Friendly staff .
Very good job on the renovation ! Impressive ! Nice and bright gaming area with good selection of restaurants . Looks alot more customer friendly .
Bar service was meh but the food was excellent - I had a pasta Col Buco that was as good as it gets ! The tomato bread soup was good . The pistaccio cheesecake was meh .
Great burgers . . awesome onion rings ! Milkshakes rock ! Only place to get a decent burger on 16th street ! !
Fast original food great staff if food is flavorful fresh Parking could be a little difficult But overall worth the drive
This is an excellent restaurant . The food is fresh and tasty . The seafood ceviche was awesome . Love the tacos al pastor and grilled octopus . Will come back next time I am in Vegas
My salad was really good . Nice atmosphere , friendly staff and clean dinning area . I will be back .
Great sandwiches . I usually hit this spot late night on a weekend . Staff are friendly , service is quick . Food is very good .
I have been going here for a couple years , sandwiches are great but the older lady is extremely rude .
Short ribs were delicious - but get the cheese and bacon biscuits with apple butter . O . My . God .
Enjoyed a good meal . Bruschetta with mozzarella and sun - dried tomatoes . Stuffed meatball was good . Friendly and polite service . Overall a good experience .
A great place but they sell out quick . 2 out of 5 visits they are out of savory pies by 5 : 00 . I guess the encouragement is to order them in advance . Delicious tho .
Nice mixed veggie salads . A bit expensive , but I don ' t know of any good alternatives in downtown Cleveland .
Cool atmosphere . Friendly staff . And if your willing to pay extra , they offer " Kobe " type beef ! Yum Yum ! ! !
Great place to dine and I enjoyed every mouth watering bite of my meal . They could work on the background noise issues . But meal was superb and I will return .
This place is pretty awesome and affordable . However , there aren ' t any drinks to buy to enjoy while playing the games . Here ' s hoping they get a liquor license soon .
This place was really great . Friendly , warm service . Not to mention , probably the best Chinese food I ' ve had in Madison . I ' ll definitely be going back .
Decor is waaaay outdated , but the food is very good ! Lamb chops are great
Fave fish fry place in town hands down . Service has always been great . My friends that have tried the " irish fare " entrees have all said they were great .
Amazing waffle creations they are definitely worth trying out if you haven ' t . This is definitely one of my favorite places to eat at on cheat day
Went to the CSU graduation here and it was a nice ceremony . lots of seating and plenty of bathrooms . I would live to come back for a concert and see what the setup is like .
The owner is a hot mess . Very nice makes you feel welcome . The food is very good for a " dive bar " feel . Overall great for lunch or happy hr . . . . .
I come to this joint when I ' m craving cheesy baked fried rice . YUMMMM
Top notch steak house and beautifully decorated ! Staff was friendly and offered great suggestions ! Everyone is made to feel like a VIP while dining here !
Ran out of promotion really early , saw people leaving with 6 items by themselves . Only complaint . Weather was perfect , game was entertaining . Good mid inning entertainment . Definitely had a good time !
Elena is an excellent masseuse and provides great service at a good price . I ' m a repeat customer .
Very good selection for black hair care supplies . Cloré has very flexible hours and offers Air Miles . Great place to shop .
Stopped in for takeout . Descent food . Friendly staff . Wouldn ' t mind spending more time there to get a better sense for the place . Will be back .
Great Place To Golf Lounge is Good As Well Food Good Reasonable Priced . Lots of Perks Like the Lounge Great Location
pretty good food . Try the eggplant appetizer and kabobs . Salad bar was good too !
Good diner style setup . . excellent breakfast choices . . . and one of my favs whenI am in phoenix . Some speciality Egg ommlettes are seriously very delicious .
Huge selection on supplements at reasonable prices and a cute gal to help you find your nutritional needs . What more can a guy as for ?
I had the " Mark Twain " . Primarily a pasta based salad , but the fresh tasting pimento made it quite good .
Tried the chicken / turkey sausage on a bun . You can really taste the quality of their meat and ingredients . Great meal and service overall .
The best dennys I have ever been to . Food , service , and cleanliness were above what I expected . I went like 5 times and was never disappointed .
Close and convenient , friendly atmosphere , and just what you need to start your healthy lifestyle .
Petite place super chaleureuse . Les oeufs béné dont un delice et les gaufre semblaient très bonnes ! Le menu de la semaine affiché sur Facebook semble tjs super bon !
Good delivery option in LAS . Great late night option and their use of Thai Basil is spot on and not very common among American Thai places .
Great quality for fast food and great staff . I ' m only giving 4 stars because I frequently see advertisements for the circus here which I don ' t support .
How is great Donuts but they need more stuff for Saturday mornings a little bit slow today
Awesome place . Nice shapely ladies . Will be a patron of again . Just don ' t get anything with cheese . It seems like faux cheese .
Good food but they need to invest in a better exhaust system . It is too smoky in there . They could also relax for a bit . They try and rush you out of there .
The food is warm and good . The decor is better than avarage for a buffet . I wouldn ' t hesitate for a minute going back to this buffet in the future .
A very nice salad enjoyed vey much but the person with had to ask for bread to be grilled and more sauce as it was very little .
Awesome deals on yelp , and coupons on the receipt ! I love a good deal . The food is good too !
Nellos is consistently good and I have been going for over 20 years . Love their Garden Salad with the house dressing . Keep up the great work !
Good food , but with the add ons can quickly become pricy . Service is friendly , but be prepared to repeat yourself to ensure your order is correct .
The best croissants in Pittsburgh . The coffee was good too !
Best grilled cheese ! ! Their soups are very delish and hearty too . It can get very packed , so go early !
Good pretzels while watching the show in the sky . Friendly staff as well .
We had a great time tonight . We met family from Atlanta . The food was good . Our server Rachel was great . She had a good attitude and was very courteous .
Great atmosphere for dancing and having fun ! Shots aren ' t too expensive and the jolly rancher is to die for
Went for my cars smog , very quick and friendly staff . It was a little expensive $ 24 . 99 . . overall good experience
It ' s a great place open late . Love their specials and reasonable prices .
I have been to Joe ' s farm grill a few times now , and every time I fall in love with their food . No complaints here , good burgers , good fries and good chocolate shakes .
Pork bone soup was great and hit the spot . . . Prices were fair . Service was very friendly . . . Looking forward to coming back . . . : )
Fresh seafood and delicious desserts ! Lots of choice and very creative in some of rolls . Definitely coming back if visit Vegas next time .
Daily special from Monday to Sat . 5 dollars a glass of wine . Cozy place , love the small fountain here .
Place à recommander pour les poutines . Le service est toujours aimable même en fin de shift .
Long wait but the food was excellent and they offer vegan choices and green Thai green which was supreme . Their takeout is generous in portion size too .
Food is good . Singapore noodle is little lighter than expected . It would taste better if had little more curry .
I am always pleased with the service from this Brake Masters at the Chandler location . Manager Steve is great , fully explains what is required and what they suggest for services . Very professional all around
Open 24 hours , serves breakfast all day ! That ' s what makes it a winner in my book . Delicious chocolate chip pancakes , good turkey sandwich , french toast is so - so .
They are really kind and give good consultation for hair . I liked this hair studio . I want to recommend everyone to go and try it ! !
Good food , nice bar atmosphere , diverse collection of brews , great service . Super solid .
Food was EGG - ceptional . Got the stuffed french toast with mimosas . Food and service were EGG - CELLAnt . Lol . I ' d definitely reccomend .
I ordered the meatlovers pizza to go . The pizza was ready on time and extremely fresh ! I am a particular for quality toppings and cheese . Their toppings were premium !
Great food ! I love the oxtail fried rice ! Great service too . They gave my Aunt coconut ice cream for her birthday and its so good . I will come back again .
Every now and then I order from St Hubert . The food is healthier than most other options and it is really tasty . The delivery service is quick and the price is somewhat reasonable .
All you can eat lunch special for $ 11 is a deal . Most rolls are pretty good . Don ' t over order or you will be charged extra . Friendly , clean and a nice place .
Delicious homemade ice cream in a very cool old fashioned soda fountain shop . I sat at the pink counter on one of the cute pink stools .
Had the All Beef . It was a really tasty hot dog . To comment further would be ridiculous .
Came here for their gelato and shakes . Sooo amazing ! Except a bit pricey . Shake was $ 14 and taco was $ 9 . Otherwise , mindblown !
Great food and atmosphere , a little loud for a group of people to hear ine another . Spicy sucumber margarita was delicious !
Found this restaurant on yelp looking for Italian food . Never would have thought it with the name Evan ' s . Great find ! Greek salad is awesome ! Gyros had a very authentic sauce .
Good food and fun atmosphere . The free dessert is awesome . A bit off the strip but still worth the extra walk or short drive .
The onion rings are delicious ! ! ! ! ! ! Beer selection could improve . Service was friendly without being obnoxious and very efficient . Best onion rings ! !
Came here for happy hour with my cousins for the first time . Good food , drinks , and great atmosphere . Will definitely be back with hubby .
Tried the lemongrass chicken - fantastic heat , with great sweet Thai basil flavour . Only downside was they were out of Singha beer .
The food portions are smaller than what I ' m used to in Southern California but the food is great !
This is my favourite location for takeout . They are so efficient and always get my order right . The quality of the food is excellent as well !
Great ambiance and Drinks were good . Menu looks yummy but didn ' t get to eat hense the 4 stars . . . . Service was good ! Next time we ' ll try eating ! !
Sushi quality was great . Nice atmosphere and very comfortable chairs . Not the most creative rolls however , which is why we only have 4 stars . I would eat hear again though !
Miss Starbucks on the corner and come here for a Parisian experience - good lattes and espresso with a cookie to tide you over .
Always love this place ! Good food , great atmosphere ! ! Love the spicy crab soup , not to mention the staff is awesome ! !
Fun if you are into a divey weird joint w a good jukebox where you for sure won ' t see anyone you know !
Delicious rolls and awesome atmosphere . Service was reeeeeally slow but we weren ' t in a hurry , so it was fine . Definitely a good ( but a little pricey ) sushi restaurant .
Omg ! ! Soooo good ! ! ! ! ! Steak was perfect tonight ! I just love the grilled veggies skewers !
Great neighborhood restaurant ! Nice variety on the menu and food is very consistent and a good happy hour . Friday nights are super busy but week nights are fine .
Brown Bag Chicken Sandwich ! Thats all I have to say ! !
Perfect little place to sit and enjoy a drink / meal . Great environment and service is good too . The food is quality and they have a very decent amount of drink options .
Stopped in tonight ( 9 / 21 / 16 ) and had the steak kabob ' s as an appetizer . Excellent taste and value . Also friendly , attentive and quick service from bartender Felisha !
The service was good . The food was great from the meal I had . Just wish they had more options .
Large slices . Great for dinner or late night snack . Friendly staff . Apple Pay available . Always give you your pizza nice and warm .
Owners from Chi town , I ' m from Chi town , rib tips folks RIB TIPS ! That is what I MISS from Chicago !
great hidden bar ! Johnny is a good bartender ! stop here for a drink with my boy big mike n had a good time !
Loved the blistered skin of the dogs from the charbroiling that they do right in front of you . Well worth the wait .
Recliner seats are nice . I can take my Harkins cup and refill it for $ 1 . 50 . I always go on a Tuesday and get a discount on movie ticket ( s ) !
Super tasty pizza . Nuff said .
Good and very affordable food there , coming in large quantities ! Clear and clean decorum .
Great service , great location , Parking is an issue being connected to the mall .
Fantastic pastries and excellent coffee . Had apple turnover , pain de chocolat , double espresso and a latte . This is now on my go to list .
Good food for brunch . Great service . Will go again ! Mimosa were good . Breakfast was nothing out of the ordinary but well flavored .
Wonderful furniture and incredible customer service . We purchased 3 mattress sets at spectacular prices . We absolutely recommend .
It gets very busy at lunchtime , with the restaurant filled with police , firefighters , and EMS technicians . Very friendly waitresses and curbside service .
Great experience . Very cozy restaurant . The food was great as was the service . Give it a try . But you should probably reserve in advance .
Had the reuben , which was good and big enough for two . Will try the veal parmagian sandwich next time .
Ate here with a friend . The place is quite lacking in space . Ramen was good for the most part , and was priced fairly . Would come again !
Good pizza sandwich . Like the pepper relish to give an extra kick . Always clean and food is made fresh & quick
The food is good , I loved the spare rib , place needs a bigger selection on seafood however ; I still recommend this place for dim sum .
My son went for a b day party for his friend . He was so happy and had such a great time . Staff was friendly and very helpful
good breakfast .
Very nice place . Baklava was tasty . The Greek salad was amazing , nice and fresh . Lastly , very good customer service . Will be back very soon .
Good sized burritos and they don ' t charge extra for guac unlike some other burrito places . I ordered the pulled pork burrito and it tasted great . The small size was more than enough .
ALL YOU CAN EAT FOR 20 BUCKS ? It ' s a great deal . Food is great . My coworker that is Korean recommended this spot . Can ' t wait to go back again .
The Stuft Nacho box was pretty good . The service was fast and friendly . Would come back again if in the area .
Probably the best hummus in Vegas along with delicious salads and grilled meats . Great choice ! Yum
Pretty yummy and really great atmosphere . I ' m not much of a dessert person but the pineapple upside down cake was awesome . Also the fried green tomatoes with lump crab were delicious !
It ' s Chipotle . Consistently delicious , but also with consistently rising prices . There ' s nothing here I don ' t like .
Great late night spot . The food is delicious and the people watching is even better ( queen street location )
Good food for a good price . Better than the corporate restaurants . I had a skillet and my wife had the green chili . Both good
Great food , good prices , and a good menu . Only downside is the wait is a little long and the place is cramped . Overall a great place for your die hard Mexican food lover .
Delicious good value for lunch , large venue where we knew we could enter without reservations ( I ' m sure that ' s not always the case ) . Staff was attentive and food was very good .
Been veggie burger hopping and this place I had their specialty ( forgot the name ) but it had avocado and twas awesome . Poutine was also awesome !
YUM YUM ! Only complaint is that I wish they had a happy hour .
Nice staff . Cheap beers . Nice venue . Would go back for food . Overall nice bar to hang out in the summer afternoon .
Took my parents here tonight and we all enjoyed it ! ! Gotta love the endless salad and breadsticks !
Enjoyed a great plate of short ribs last evening Mexican style . Chips and salsa were awesome . The Mexican chocolate pudding was super good . The service was great ! Highly recommend !
I thought this was a neat place to shop . It has a very unique approach .
A bit expensive , but lovely food served in a fun atmosphere . Sit at the chef ' s counter and they will occasionally toss samples of food your direction to try , which was very entertaining .
La comida es buena . el servicio excelente , pero le falta limpieza y mantenimiento a este lugar
The Best service ever while dining at the bar ! Mark was by far the most attentive to all details . So very much appreciated and welcomed after a long day . Awesome food as well . Thank you
多樣菜色選擇，口味尚可，至少不是每道菜都用醬油炒的又黑又鹹。不收小費，現金5 % discount , 茶水自取，蠻多學生族群，外國人也不少。
Update : they gave me back my money after my father came and ask . I shall give them 4 stars .
Quite a wonderful salad and HUGE ! Great service with a smile even though we showed up 5 mins before closing !
Awesome ! ! Great place for great Mexican food ! Service is quick and friendly ! The street tacos are a must !
Very tasty and fresh seafood meals . A lot of choices to choose from too . Serve alcohol as well . Good combinations of food .
good food , excellent fast home delivery . we always order noodle dishes with extra meat or shrimp . Very reasonable prices too .
- extremely solid eats . - the seafood congee is freakishly amazing ! - also discovered fish paste cooked into the long donut thing ( it doesnt translate well ) . . . . winner .
kin d of a punk / rock bar , pretty fun atmosphere . Lots of gambling machine , american pool upstair ( 2 $ ) , not so expensive . Pretty nice bar
Delish and fun . Friendly staff . Strong drinks . Good happy hour . Highly recommend , even for Sunday brunch !
I got the original ramen and it was delicious ! Only $ 9 . 50 for a bowl that comes with 2 piece of pork .
Good , established local flower shop with reasonable prices .
Food was really good . Busy night as it was first Friday but Kaitlyn working the register was super nice and really awesome throughout the dining experience .
I go here for lunch alot and they have one of the best staffs at any Arbys I have ever been to and most fast food places . Its always very clean also and food good .
We were pleasantly surprised by this airport restaurant . I would definitely eat here again . Excellent salmon , actual mashed potatoes and perfectly crunchy green beans .
Burgers are awesome whether you go walnut or regular . Prompt , attentive staff . Great beers on tap . No snobs and the place has a sense of humor about itself . It ' s good stuff .
Christopher ( maybe a manager ? ) is very vigilant and attentive . He walks around checking to make sure everything is going well and the customers are happy .
I love the pho here A + food . : ) But like every pho restraunt it takes awhile to refill your drinks . . . . This is gonna be my new pho place to go ! !
They have really nice servers and the food is great . The pizza here is very tasty and their arugula salad tastes very good . I have had much better pizza before but the service is great .
The all American waffle burger was fresh . The waitress was very friendly . Order a side of the frys .
Pretty good ! Great service and although my entree was just ok , the appetizer , bubble tea and the dessert were extremely good . Would definitely go back for sure
My girlfriend treated me to a birthday dinner there and the food was good . Dips were fabulous . Gyros a little dry . Environment a little noisy for conversations .
I tried the fried plantains and they were really good with the sauce provided . I also like Simons sauce ( salsa posada aka mayo ketchup ) .
Good BBQ with tasty sides and a great beer list . Wait can be long though . Seating area is small but there is a bar to wait at but seems to be full most of the time .
Their rolls are amazing ! Must try the 8 second bull ride ( surf & turf w / truffle essence ) and the eggplant fries ! ! Service could be better .
I really enjoy their weekend brunch , I can ' t really speak to other times . My lobster brie omelette with wild mushrooms was delish !
The sushi is pretty good and if you catch it at happy hour prices then the tab is CHEAP . Well worth checking out .
Some of the negative criticism was laid to rest - great food - somewhat pricy . Prime rib was excellent .
Always great pizza / hoagies and service . I order from here often to support a neighborhood business .
i wish they had more lollipops and a sugar free section but they are limited in space ! their large gummy worms are hilarious !
Good college taco shop - good tacos and outside patio - gets a bit noisy and crazy when the kids are around . But good place when summer break and spring break is around
Expensive but very tasty , i sat at the bar and the bartender was friendly but not overly intrusive . Great experience , but did i mention expensive ?
One of the best bagels in town ! ! ! Hot fresh made , worth time to discover ! ! The makes little bagels stuff with cheese ! ! ! !
A service was alittle clogged for lunch but delish ! Side of Fruits were warm but main plate was great .
The space was clean and inviting . The receptionist was capable , confident and polite . The therapist did a fine job . A nice experience .
Nice hotel in a great location . Much better than saying at a motel . . Reasonable price and very friendly service . Complementary breakfast was a nice touch . Rooms are not bad as well .
Great pizza has made this place a keeper . Best pizza for miles . Nice atmosphere upstairs and a takeout downstairs . Patio has noisy kitchen fan so we don ' t use it .
More flavor choices than we need , but sure like having them ! Clean , cool , great staff , high quality product . Love it !
Service is a little slower than typical HK style cafe , but the food is above average . It ' s at a convenient location , and worth a visit when one is in Toronto Chinatown
Clean fun casino with a hearty buffet . Well - priced and good food . Recommended as a dependable buffet , especially for a casual lunch .
Cheap drinks , friendly service , and a good atmosphere . Nice place to stop by before heading to the clubs .
I had the loaded potato soup it is OK it ' s not too bad I still prefer Paneras better . Portion is a good size . Place is clean people are friendly
Other reviewers have covered everything ; it truly is a fantastic banh mi .
I had the pollo con creama , it was delicious ! I would definitely go here again . The server was very nice and extremely helpful . The margaritas here are also very good .
Really good old fashioned barber shop . You can ' t beat the service or the price .
This is the best Thai restaurant that I know . Their food are so good . I have a great meat in here .
Great food ! Honey chicken pasta is highly recommended . Great for small groups but no reservations , first come first serve . Nestled in 4th ward , for nice walk to uptown .
Great place to go before a concert or event a PPG . Got here around 5 for an 8 concert . Perfect timing . Super nice to be so close to venue ! Margarita pizza was great !
We love ordering from here ! We enjoy the wings and the pizza . So good . Ordering right now !
Does not take reservations at Willy Street location .
Pretty nice place . Good service . Amazing brunch menu on weekends and $ 10 mimosa for 2 - 3 glasses .
I have had 2 massages with Elena and she does an excellent job . The atmosphere is quiet and soothing - plus they have reasonable prices !
Pretty good . Friendly staff with good food . Fun for birthday parties . Nice atmosphere . Well - priced and convienently located .
Has a few worth stopping in stores , nice to walk around and window shop . It ' s a outdoor center . Parking is kinda tight .
Service was fast food was delicious , had the traditional gyro with fetta fries with a drink for around 12 bucks .
Great atmosphere , drinks were perfect , and food was great ( the pretzel could ' ve be better if it was softer but it was still good ) . They have a nice patio out from as well
Decent Mexican food . Easy split checks . Good for larger lunch groups .
I enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant . . . everything was so darling and perfect . Menu is great for anyone who has a dietary restriction .
For a new shop was doing a good business . I waited about 5 minutes for my nails . Did s good job and offering discounts . I ' ll go back .
Fantastic tasty Afghan food . I ' ve eaten here about 5 times and the experience was highly positive each time . The flavors were unbelievable and the service was friendly . I hope this place makes it .
My eyebrow tech was Harita was & she did an amazing job on my eyebrows and made me feel very comfortable . I had highly recommend her & Divine Threading .
Great atmosphere and friendly service . It ' s a nice place to meet up with friends or get some work done .
Update they did fix computer the guys working their were pretty good at helping me fix it especially Steve the manager thanks again guys
Excellent restaurant ! Great wine list , Finca Allende 06 , and one of the best NY ' s in town ! Always a good time
Love their pizza ! We always order for delivery . I ' ve never eaten in any of the restaurants . Everytime it arrives piping hot as well as any sides I ' ve ever ordered .
Adequate facility for training bodies . Plenty various machines . Locker room clean and staff courteous on most occassions .
The show is definitely entertaining . Good music and good vocal singers . The show will be closing soon . Should catch it before it ' s gone . # bazVegas
I was looking for one because I was in the area and yu ling was really good and fast with my kids
Love the atmosphere of Hayden Block . The food and service are terrific . I just wish there were sides that aren ' t as heavy to pair with the meat !
Great lunch place . Fresh , well seasoned food . Has more than sushi . Kimichi pork was tasty .
Great fresh food , super prices , speedy service . Great place .
* awesome * hamburger ( the big one - - steak sandwich ) . Skip the fries .
This is a very good place to eat . They have very authentic Hawaiian food . I really liked the Kalbi and their ox tail soup .
Love hole in the wall joints like this . Great sushi plus a nice complete menu of Japanese faves . Always a favorite . Its our neighborhood go to spot for sushi and drinks .
This was my second visit . Good portions , great selections on the menu , and excellent customer service . We ordered the hot and sour soup , fried rice and cashew chicken .
Koreansk bbq er bare helt nydelig . Kjørte Las Vegas og det var akkurat passe mat for to sultne nordmenn
Good store , helpful friendly staff . Was able to locate everything plus some extra items on my list .
Good spot to have all you can eat sushi . Good price and good quality . Every time I go to LV I hit this spot . Recommend !
We love the ambiance and the menu is often unique . I also like their only Korean main menu fare - bulgogi . I hope they keep this in the menu .
Great food , service is impeccable , some of the Classics and some nouvelle Cal Italian dishes , great Wine List . Service can drag so allow time .
Dealt with Scott . Called around 1pm , tires weren ' t in stock , got them delivered by 3 , and all my tires were changed with 45 minutes . Good service .
This place is great ! The food is really good and the staff is always friendly ! Great place to get a quick bite to eat . Highly recommend the veggie burger .
Great service and good food ! ! 4 stars only because it doesn ' t smell nice in here . . It smelt a bit like bathroom inside . .
We are still coming here and still enjoying the authentic Thai food made from scratch at this family run business .
A tasty , little local deli hidden in a gas station ! Don ' t be fooled though , it ' s not gas - station food . The sandwiches are very good !
Only had the happy hour tequila and a carne asana street taco ! Both were yummy total 9 bucks !
interiors slightly outdated but the flat screens thoughout make it really nice ! ! ! ! ! service desk freindly ! ! ! ! !
You can have lots of options here , from dim sum to other Chinese dishes . I have been there many times , every time ordered different dishes , all of them are good .
Nice big park . I went there for the street cinema event there were a lot of people . It is a clean park good for adults , kids , and pets .
Beef crying tiger lunch special was well worth it . The steak was tender and the service was great . Definitely coming back
Decent , American food , hot locals and fast service . Came here for brunch and would come again if Essence Bakery isn ' t open .
Definitely liked it . Service was good , draft list was pretty decent . Food is definitely better than average . Will come back for sure !
Great asparagus split pea Parmesan soup ! Cesar salad had a bit too much dressing . But chicken on it was perfect !
The closest we will get to a Dave and Busters in Vegas . The food here is pretty good and the option for the game card with your meal is available .
I really enjoyed this place , wide selection on the menu . The service is good . I had the chicken pasta i found it very good , wife had a burger she said it was great
This is by far the best ' to go ' meal out there . Late night hours and gluten free options . Always tasty . Excellent customer service on the phone and in person . A clean operation .
Great customer service , couldn ' t make a deal but i did get the help i needed . Thanks to their friendly staff . Maybe ill be making another stop some day in the future
Had a yummy meal here , highly recommend , the wait staff was attentive and friendly . If I am ever in the area I will definitely dine here again !
Clean and modern bowling ! Daily specials . Beers on tap . Great pricing for air conditioned fun : - )
Food options have gotten better over the past few years . Security check points usually go pretty quickly
The taste is great and gives subway and Quiznos some competition . It is a little pricey but worth it if you come with a big appetite .
Had the Mesa Burger : burger was good but nothing earth - shattering good . I did like the horseradish mustard to dip my fries in .
I have to say that this Thai Expr has considerably bigger portion than others ! But like all other TEs the pad Thai ' s too greasy . . .
Great cider list and down homey Ohio food . Had the jerky plate , gnocchi , pork Ragu and beef tartare . Loved the whole sweet corn kernels throughout the food .
Superior food and service . The flat Iron steak was perfect . We will return here .
Best place in the east valley for gently used books . I make this my first stopping place when it is time for another book .
I had the pizza and wings combo decently priced wings were over cooked however : ( . Owner was very friendly and attentive . Pizza was delicious .
Great full service at the bar . Good food ordered sushi . Staff was attentive . Kept my drink full . And very nice . I ' d go back for sure ! Not bad for the price .
This facility has three great nines . The original two are the best . The courses are always in good shape .
One of my go - to Chinese places in Champaign . Great service , great food , good ingredients .
I like the dollar PBR specials . The food is great . Very impressed with the new menu items .
Great carnitaa burrito ! ! ! If you like pulled pork you will love this . . . pick your own salsa to complment it ! I love the green !
Wednesdays are their hair cut special . $ 12 . 99 cuts . Our boys love getting their hair cut while sitting in the cars . They also enjoy playing with the train table while they wait .
If you are looking for a good omelette , or really any breakfast item , you are at the right place . Service is sometimes less than par but the food is worth it !
Decent food , good variety . Have had Lisa as our server a few times and she is amazing ! ! ! Love her .
Went for lunch . Excellent service ! We had Barbacoa tacos ( ok ) and chicken chimichanga ( very good ) . 3 different salad . All pretty good . Overall we enjoyed lunch
Lots of flavors of Slurpees ! For a girl who hadn ' t had a Slurpee in almost 3 years . . . That is all I could see .
Good white pizza and its nice to have an option for sicilian . Good lunch specials , just wish they would offer white slices . Definitely above average pizza shop .
You have lots of healthy options here and prices are decent . Certain things are not as good so choose wisely . Overall its alright
This is the closest to a New York hipster style coffee shop I ' ve seen in Arizona . They serve beer too . Cookie happy hour is pretty cool though .
Awesome guacamole . Reasonably priced beer . Not a fan of mild salsa , but the hot salsa is HOT and tasty . I will be back .
So delicious ! I could make it a point to come in daily just to have one of everything on the menu !
Fun time ! Lots of people but not grossly overcrowded . Good price for the cabana and good drinks and food and great DJ
I agree with Mandy . Awesome food . The only downside is that there is somewhat of an uncomfortable atmosphere from the waiters and just the people who live around here . . .
The service was good and quick , a good selection of beer on tap , and the $ 5 apps / meals were very tasty at a great price . Will definitely return .
I ' ve only been here once for brunch , but I quite enjoyed the experience . It gets busy , so be prepared to wait .
因為這間chatime就是在我的宿舍附近，有一天我經過的時候就想進去買一杯飲料啦品嚐一下這間的口味平常是怎樣的，那我就知道再這裡那一間的台式飲料是最好喝的。由於我在香港平常都是喝茶（芒果綠茶什麼什麼的），剛好那天想喝奶茶，我就點了一杯無糖仙草台式奶茶。果然，這間餐廳的台式奶茶剛剛非常適合我的口味。因為我本人其實不喜歡加糖的奶茶，即使那個奶茶有點苦澀，但是跟仙草配起來簡直是絕配！奶茶的澀跟仙草的甜根本是一對！如果我再想喝飲料的話我一定會再光臨這間飲料店。
Ice cream was delicious and we love the concept of choose your own flavors . Cookies were a little under done but good none the less .
This place is great ! The music is great ! I came here on a Thursday night of 4th of July weekend and it was amazing .
Better than expected . Portobello chicken dish was very good . Portions are good . Service surprisingly good .
Great selection , quick in and out , love the free sides that come with your meal . This is one of my favorite hang out spots for WiFi and food .
Finally a Mi Pueblo of San Jose in Las Vegas . Good supermarket to find all your Mexican food .
The chicken was very tasty and the service was very nice . I ' m not really the biggest French food fan , but I enjoyed the chicken greatly .
I found the food ( scones , cucumber sandwiches ) fresh & to die for . the service impeccable . I ' d go back there in a flash .
This is a relatively small location , for future reference I ' ll stick to drive - thru . But I ' ve never had a problem so no complaints !
Good Mr Sub location . Find the staff friendly and provide good service . Located in the food court of Toronto Western Hospital . Sounds have always been fresh .
Delicious vegan restaurant with many dishes that contain faux meats . We had a spicy eggplant dish and a potato pepper curry .
So far , food and service have been good . Their quesadillas estilo rey are so freaking good . Can ' t wait to try another item next time .
Neat little place , quiet enough for a business meeting . Nice patio as well .
it feels good to come here in the winter and have a nice hot soup . The other dishes are pretty good too .
Great Buffett options . Big samosas and wait staff very happy . Was a little dead so hopefully they last . The goat curry could if been more tender but tasty .
I gained 5 lbs . eating here over the summer . The drawbacks are that they are often busy and you have to wait for a while to be seated . Their corn is delicioso !
Great breakfast . I had the burrito with bacon , guacamole and a great tomatillo salsa ! My wife had the omelette with sausage , veggies and cheese . Well worth the $ 27 . 00 !
Great breakfast and chips and salsa / guacamole . The chorizo burrito is great and their prices are reasonable
What a neat place ! The Open Mic has been switched to Improv on Thursdays .
I had Vanessa . She was awesome . Least painful wax I ' ve had yet . They use hard wax , which is usually less painful .
The experience overall was fun to watch ; the staff was friendly and helpful during my first visit since I did not know what to get . I had a treat with fruity pebbles and it was delicious !
Great expereince , good eats , fast and excellent customer service , friendly staff , all the food was amazing will be back soon
Love the pizza , extremely quick pickup and excellent quality . Always order dough knots , sausage pizza and the forgetaboutit , so good . Only 4 stars because they forgot the arugula at pickup !
A really nice place to enjoy great Indian food . The waiters were super attentive and the atmosphere was nice , not as stereotypical as in other Indian restaurants .
Solid fast Mexican food . Enchiladas , nachos , and rolled tacos are good . Will try more stuff later .
great dogs , you name the fixins , good onion rings .
I love this place , the fish sandwiches are pretty awesome ! They only take cash and the neighborhood is not that great but it ' s worth it for the food !
Had a great time with some friends playing pool Plenty of tables , friendly staff , good selection of draft beers !
Had a VIP evening here for night 1 of my Brother in - law ' s bachelor weekend . The service was good and there a was a real party atmosphere .
Possibly the best indoor mall in Arizona . Lots of good stores , no vacant spaces , decent food court . But if you want to see and be seen , head to $ cottsdale Fashion $ quare Mall
Reviewed business with good review and they sent me a gift card ! Very cool . I love great customer service and this place always gets that right ! ! ! Thanks .
Awesome pizza , especially right out of the oven . Nice Monday specials !
Coffee is fantastic , but the service leaves a lot to be desired . There ' s just a general apathy on the part of the employees , I ' ve noticed .
Went there for a Christmas lunch with friends and Highly enjoyed the food . Have been back a few times and everytime enjoyed myself and the food . Not too expensive .
Go early . Friendly , helpful waitstaff , reasonable prices , slightly overwhelming menu . The scrambler and yanks are really good , as is the coffee and OJ . Friends liked the corned beef hash .
Charming little restaurant in the Venetian . Loved the atmosphere . Italian accents , delicious pasta , old - school Italian music , wonderful service , and decent prices . We will be back !
Food , service , and look very good . Four stars . By the way try the cake .
This bank always has slow lines and broken machines , easy to get to ok customer service but could be better , I ' m sure it ' s still better than most
Excellent service ! Great hospitality and good food .
killer fish and chips - - great local beer on tap - - excellent service - - Lincoln Park prices - - nice !
Great food and very friendly staff ! The food is a little pricey , though . But it ' s worth it !
The sushi is good and the portions of fish on the nigiri are great . And I love the staff ! ! Very comfortable and friendly atmosphere for a meeting with friends or a casual date .
Okay when to dinner last week I felt like I was in Bangkok love the music the pad thai with shrimp it ' s definitely a five - star place for sure
Great prices , fast delivery ( even during a monsoon ) , friendly service both when placing order and at delivery . Food was hot , plentiful and tasty .
Les assiettes sont très bonnes , personnel sympathique . Même si l ' extérieur ne pousse pas à rentrer n ' hésitez plus c ' est le rougail est une tuerie
This is a Latin style fast food where you can get Arepa Venezuelan style street food along with Tacos , empanadas , and many other street food . Very unique yet decent and hybrid .
虽然给了四星 是因为在店里吃还行 YELP上叫外卖宫保虾给我了我一个不知道是啥的里面一堆柿子椒的白灼虾仁 回锅肉一点味道没有就是圆白菜溜肉片 老板娘走点心呗 就想偷个懒而已 . . .
I really enjoy GVR . Like all the restruants and bars . Oh and of course The Original Pancake House is always on point .
Tried the nachos , sweet potato tots , and complimentary corn bread . YUM ! ! Service was pretty good as well . Over all very tasty . Agree with eye candy comment . Ha ha .
This place is open extended hours and takes walk ins , which is very convenient . They got our dog fixed up from a weekend case of the runs . So convenient to have them here .
Their Spinach Asparagus Leek Soup was amazing . That and a chunk of fresh baguette ? Heaven .
This is one of my favorite Korean restaurants around campus . I got the special of the day : fish and spicy tofu soup combo . The soup was really good !
The food was very good . I opted for the chef ' s tasting menu and was not disappointed
Good food , nice atmosphere . I really liked the chicken mole enchiladas . The prices are quite reasonable for such as upscale place . I ' d definitely return .
Have to visit again to try different food before I give a full review . . .
Solid sports bar . I ' m there almost every week for Wednesday Wing Night . Tried 30 / 40 flavours . The best is 7 Pepper by far ! See you next week : P
Great place to get pool supplies and information . Very friendly staff and seem to be very knowledgeable . Items are fairly priced and parking is convenient .
I wish I could give this a five star review , but the drink pick - up counter had ants on it today .
Just amazing garbage food you know ? If you are looking to cure a hangover , blaze up and watch a movie and be fat , this should be your jam .
Good value for your money . Plenty of food . Taste was comparable to Federics and Lin Garden .
Good food and great drinks ! Had a really nice server named Bronson that hooked us up with some nice glasses to go as we continued our vacation . Definitely recommend ! !
I really liked the hibachi , but not the best I have ever had . Shirmp sauce was tasty , rice was good , steak was ok and the veggies were great .
The have The best Ziti I ' ve had anywhere . Nice owner , great service , Love this place !
Very good food . Pig ' s head was delicious ! Reasonably priced dishes and great atmosphere . I will definitely be back .
Great little place , and the prices are good for your portions . Would definitely return
great service , good nachos and awesome beer !
Nice local place . Just found by chance . Ladies Day 1 / 2 drinks for ladies . Great n friendly bartender . Fun to watch the game .
Awesome and cheap ! I always order the Falafal pitas .
Very good healthy alternative for here in Tega Cay . Lots of flavor and the hummus is on point . The fries . . . oh my goodness the fries : )
Underestimated the steak . I must say it was AMAZING . Will do again . Their cheesecake is to die for , not kidding when she said you ' ll taste the difference .
I really like to go walking around here or to go out to dinner or the movies . They are remodeling so I ' m looking forward to seeing how it will look soon .
Enjoyed the wonton soup Broth was great Serving size is perfect My boyfriend loved the shrimp wontons they were nice and big and he even ordered an extra soup for take out .
if there are 10 people waiting to go in this place must be good and good it was - the sanwich was excellent and so was the croissant and lemon square
Popped in here today for the first time . Very well organized and great prices . Definitely will be back . Looks like other new shops are opening in the area .
Excellent service . Fun atmosphere . Loved the Guac and salsa . The chorizo tacos were great and very filling . Enjoyed the mezcal too . Will definitely be back on my next visit to Pittsburgh .
So good ! Prickly Pear Margarita . . yum ! Chips , salsa , bean burrito bursting with flavor ! Definitely coming back
Not sure why it ' s 2 stars . This place makes me eat the crust ! Crunchy , garlicky and perfect . Good stuff !
Awesome lunch special I think $ 7 . 95 for a soup / salad egg roll and entree ' . Service is good enough but mainly focus on how good the food is : )
Beautiful , contemporary , spacious rooms . Easy access to mall & strip . Wish there was an onsite restaurant , although there ' s room service . Our room had goos view . Will be back !
Clean ! Love that they have a restaurant and lounge . As a female traveling alone on business , I felt safe and had everything I needed .
The spicy tan tan is a bit too salty . But taste great . And this location doesn ' t have as much people as the one in Dundas st w .
A tad overwhelming at first , but the salad was delicious nevertheless . I had the kebab Cobb , pretty good .
Really great people here . Food was great too ! Only a star off due to limited menu selection . Pretty damn good .
Atmosphere and ambience is classy but not too classy . The food and service was good but there was nothing spectacular about the steaks . I would ' ve liked to try the other places around that area
Good food , I ' ve had the beef shawarma and chicken shawarma and the plate versions . $ 15 for the plate . Food is great but for $ 15 , the portions are small .
Not bad . My wife and I did a late dinner after an event and had fun . Food . Well food . Being from San Francisco we have a hard time with Phoenix food .
Tamarind crab was superb , a little spicy but worth it . Chicken wings good and the rice was good . I would go back . Curious how this place is at night .
Love the lunch . spe ial . I come here about once a week or every other week depending on my schedule . I love the staff .
Fresh hand made noodles made right in front of you . The portions are good this is a casual dining place . I came here for the duck noodle soup and my hubby ordered the beef chow fun .
Slightly above average food but my server was amazing . I ' d come back just to have such courteous , thoughtful service again .
Pretty basic Chinese food , but a huge selection / variation make up for this . All the food is pretty good and at a fair price . Quick delivery every time
I love the food here ! The shakes are to die for ! Fried green beans so good ! Burgers are fantastic . Still long waits if you are not careful .
Thoroughly enjoyed my breakfast . The food was outstanding . Good coffee . Excellent service . Under $ 20 for an excellent breakfast .
Who doesn ' t appreciate convenience ! Drive - thru , mobile app and the need for obtaining and digesting caffeine is easy at this location : )
Breakfast buffet : nice view of the flamingos , endless mimosas , decent selection of food . I ' m vegetarian and had a great feast , food coma ensued .
The quality and price of this restaurant is excellent for a buffet . I look forward to going back !
Great beer and light food . I love the Barrio Rojo Scottish Style Ale My favorite appetizer is the Green Chile Pork Ya ' ll come by - hear ?
Delicious food , cheap prices . Would have loved to see the full menu , instead of been limited to the lunch selection .
Liked those burgers . And those Hush Puppies are pretty good too . For me the Guinness was the best .
Great place to catch up and have seafood ! Oysters and mussels was a good start and lobster ravioli . Service was slow but good when I had to return a dish !
This practice has been caring for my family ' s dental care needs for a long time - going on ten years ! Having a caring / familiar dental practice is always comforting .
Best eggs ever . Pancakes were delicious too . Quick , friendly service . Wish we could call - in to save a table . Waiting in the cramped lobby was no bueno .
Super good . Good atmosphere . 90 $ for 2 and you will still be hungry cause portions are small .
Ordered takeout for the first time from Veg - In . The samosas are delicious ! Good value , and travelled well . Love the sauce on the chickpeas . Will definitely order again : )
Sad to see this location closed . . . . . . . Been coming here for many years . Ingredients were always fresh , staff very friendly .
Very clean very organized office . The gentleman at the front desk is always so kind quick and knowledgeable . All the hygienist and dentist are very friendly , they joke around with the patients .
Love love love these teachers ! Everyone is so caring and wonderful ! My 3 year old loves her teacher and is excited to go everyday ! Thank you Magical for being who you are ! ! !
They have the best stuffed banana peppers in the area ! The large fish sandwich could feed a family of 4 . Naked sweet potato was perfect !
Great food , friendly people at our community table gave us great advice and made us feel welcome . We will make this a regular stop .
Great burger and fries - - hot and flavorful , good toppings . Not exactly Michelin star quality but a great burger joint , which it aims to be . Friendly and efficient service .
Great tour with Frank ! Amazing people to work with ! Great place to live ! Couldn ' t be any happier to be honest .
One of my favorite places to eat in Cleveland . Food is excellent music is great all around good experience .
Great shrimp tacos , the salsa was fresh and refreshing !
My girlfriend loves this place . She says the prices are decent . I don ' t know about this stuff but the staff was helpful and attentive . Clean store and pretty large .
Service was great . Food was good , but for the same thing I can pay half the price at filibertos .
The best Happy Hour in town ! The martinis are delish and the vibe being upstairs at Town Square is refreshing ! Go check it out !
Great Place to Dine . A bit pricer but the food is not bad . A major plus is their washroom is extremely clean . . . love that !
This place has lots of character and the food was great , not to mention the huge portions ! Server was okay but I would definitely go again !
Long lines , but they move through the line fast ! Prices are standard and the staff are friendly . Decent selection of items for sale as well . Good place to get your coffee on before a flight
Not the best part of town . She is an idiot . Safer here than North Strip near Jerry ' s or worse Silver Nugget . Food is always good . Across street from E . Cannery .
Our first visit tonight , on a Thursday evening . We sat outside in the beautiful courtyard and ordered a house maguerita and a draft beer . Our server was prompt and pleasant .
The service was fast . The food was delicious . Consistent . Love their chicken skewers flavourful . Clean overall .
First time trying teds . Only issue is no prices and no combos . So got burger with cheese which was really good . Will be back to try other things .
Great little find . Quiet for some reason . Great bar tender ! ! They had the qualode dice game which is always fun . Extensive cocktails list . Small little place .
Bel ambiance et très pour déguster un hamburger et une bonne bière fraîche . Le décor est beau .
full of people , but did not wait for a lot time for carryout . Really good food . Price is a little bit high .
Good food . Great people . Will go again . I got pulled pork . I reminds me of growing up in the South . Portions are good and yhe sodes are tasty .
Very good pizza . I had it delivered it was fast and still hot , i will definitely order again .
Service is great , drinks are great , food is good , décor is decent . It ' s pretty expensive . I ' d go again ! The table - made guac is awesome !
Really good Mexican food that has traditional dishes . I recommend drinking aguas frescas and eating taquitos dorados . Chip salsa could be better .
The place is a bit crowded and getting a table can take a while . The food is delicious . Highlights include the pretzel appetizer and the Thursday fried chicken .
In town for a few days and tried some very good tacos . This place was recommended to me by a woman at my hotel and I will go back again
. . a pleasant dining experience . My favorite ? - Their hard boiled eggs . Yep . : )
Really good place . The falafels are awesome and the beef shawarma tastes like steak ! They give tons of hummus and tahini sauce for you . I ' ll definitely return more often .
The food was good and service great . I ate there twice during my vacation and enjoyed both meals .
Coffee and Waffles are amazing . Menu is pretty limited
Beautiful setting ; friendly staff ; really delicious breakfast ! Our group loved the skinny frittata with mushroom and artichoke and the cinnamon rolls . Yummy smoothies ( Merry Berry ) and coffees !
Very impressed with the lemon grilled shrimp tacos . My companion ' s beer batter fish tacos were not as flavorful . Can be very loud when restaurant is full of people .
Small takeout place in a plaza . Food portion is good . Great food , tastes good . I love the hot & sour soup but not the Tom Yum soup . Highly recommended
Great little coffeeshop and Italian bakery . Good place to sit and peoplewatch . Pizza place in the back looks delicious and inexpensive .
Great Food ! Server was jut okay , not very personable . The food made up for it however .
No surprises here , but this location is very reliable and family loves it . Coke machines are new favorite . Fun to make up new concoctions .
Yum , yum , yum ! Jimmy John ' s has some great sandwiches . Good price for a quality sandwich .
Looking for pizza ? How about Stromboli ? Look no further if your in the Fashion show . Great location with good people watching . Prices are reasonable and they have a full bar !
The building is beautiful , the food is good , the service is a little slow , and it can be very busy , but overall , a good restaraunt . Again , the building is stunning .
I love love love Chipotle ! Fast food but it doesn ' t feel like ' fast food ' if you know what I mean . Quite addicting .
Great find off the beaten path . You can tell it is a popular neighborhood hangout . Kim is fabulous and makes sure you are well taken care of .
They have really good tamales here ! The tacos are good to love the tortilla they give you with the carintas / asada plate .
Great customer service ! Ask for Tori ! ! Ask for a Polar Bear with a twist of Sunshine ( ice water with lemon )
Does not have ice ! ! They don ' t have any ice ! Ice is nice ! Nice spacious washroom .
Good food , great service . Lunchtime deal is a bargain , and you still get all the yummy , crispy homemade chips and salsa you can eat . GGGGOOOOAAAAALLLLLL
Didn ' t have a reservation but had to wait for 20mins . Food was really good . Appreciate the previous review on the appetizer
It ' s small , parking is a pain , but the food is good and its one of the few authentic vegetarian foodie places in Downtown Calgary .
Pretty good Pad Thai noodles . My coworker and I try to get it every other week for lunch . I ' m so glad it ' s close and not too expensive .
Not bad . . . nice large prtions . . . well cooked food . . . not Taiwan but for Vegas . . better than most . . .
Update : Presidential delivered the needed basket to complete the warranty repair today . Thank you .
Cheeky waiter / owner . Good recommendations and good food . Don ' t ask for hummos - he actually got kind offended and said this wasn ' t a yuppie establishment .
Without question the best corned beef in Parma . Nearly the equal of Slyman ' s , and at a smaller price .
Hot bread great portions good service . i would recomend vreal parmesian . huge portion srved salad and side spaghetti Could only eat half of my sething Very clean nice place to enjoy old time music .
Good stuff . Better than Tim or Starbucks . Would back . Good location too right on the way . Good taste with the price
We got eggplant benedict and goat cheese French toast . They were both delicious and not overwhelming in portion size except the excess basil in the hollandaise .
Excellent - very fresh , delicious eats and great cocktails ! Friendly service and modern upscale atmosphere .
good food and good prompt service 2 orders for ruben sandwich and 1 club sandwich . when in t5he mood , I shall return .
The food was really good here , nice and spicy and freshly prepared . The food came out quickly and was very hot . I would definitely go back .
Great little theatre . Nice customer services . We saw the play Bloody Merry Xmas for out sisters birthday . The performance was great . Very funny raunchy and festival play . Would come back again
Un classique qui prouve que les bagels montréalais sont toujours une coche au dessus de ceux de New York . Impossible de ne pas aimer !
Had a business lunch here . Food was awesome . Service was a little slow . I ' d definitely go again .
The meat quality is good and the service is decent . The steamed egg is bit overcooked . Other than that the overall experience is great .
Surprisingly very good . The decor could use some updating , but other than that it was excellent . Great views of the lake . The salmon with the mustard sauce was awesome . Very good service also .
Great service ! Aleksandra was awesome ! Nice family dinner to celebrate my parents anniversary .
This is a great little neighborhood fruit and vegetable store . They don ' t have everything , but they have enough .
Great place to eat ! And they helped my brother with a philanthropy project in high school . Just be careful if you have a peanut allergy
A affordable , upscale neighborhood pub with a great lunch menu and an enormous beer list , if that ' s your thing .
I loved the pink dragon smoothie , it is an a aquired taste however . they have a nice variety of yummy healthy smoothies and smoothie bowls . Quick and prompt service .
The food was good . Was our first time in Toronto . We were looking for Japanese restaurant . Everything was fresh . My kids loved rolls . I will back for sure . recommend .
Great Indian food , with excellent level of appropriate spiciness . Tandoori chicken was excellent . We shared other dishes , all very good .
Great ramen and amazing service from from Hayden . Definitely would recommend to others .
Delicious food , fair prices , only knock is they don ' t take Amex .
I really like the ambiance of this place and the hot apple cider is amazing ! The food is what you ' d expect for any bar . In all it is definitely worth a visit .
Love this place ! Best place to eat in NoDa . I tried the beer battered shrimp , beer battered tofu , blackened mahi - mahi , and grilled serrano chicken . My favorite was the mahi mahi .
Simply put . . . good quality food , large portions , great value . Staff is very friendly . Usually a wait at dinner time .
Great food great service Jason was very good server he came back a couple times to check on us .
The tacos were good , and the prickly pear daiquiri was delish
Been there three times in the last couple months . Awesome sub sandwiches and very reasonable prices . Very friendly staff . Never see more than a few people there , hope they can stay in business .
Went to this place for brunch . The food was so good . The ambiance was nice and the waiters were friendly . I would like to go to this place for dinner .
Wow what a mall . SO fancy but you might note all the prices are higher as well . I did not find many bargins but they do have all the high end stores
Love this place ! Its homecooked , Homewood community love made to order ! Haters not welcome . My order . Breakfast Fish / cod / scrambled w cheese / homefries / rye toast w grape jam
Elara nice clean suite , beware check out time is 10 am ! And wen they say 10 it is 10 , at 9 : 55 am they were at mi door what nightmare , people this is Vegas
Overall good service good food at a reasonable price . Everything was really good the Oriental box was amazing
The food was very good , and the servings were huge . My only complaint would be that it was a little pricey . Other than that , i would recommend this to anyone .
A awesome Filipino place . Great for family dinners . Really nice and clean . Lots of choices to choose from as well .
Great selection of foreign alcohol . Food is delicious , would probably go back just for the food
Yummmm ! ! ! ! That big frickin meatball is sooo good ! ! ! ! Really nice atmosphere , good spot for a dinner date . Quiet , intimate ambiance and great Italian menu . Must try .
The burgers are delicious . You will get plenty of grease with them and the fries don ' t hurt things either .
Very nice theater , with a very friendly staff . The seats were comfortable , the popcorn was fresh , and the place was clean .
When I want sushi I go here ! It ' s as simple as that . Absolutely love this place , the ambiance is amazing and location couldn ' t be better .
Rather swell thai food . Interior could use some major re - decoration . They leave the buffet table out with old signs really taking away from the experience . The food portions are plentiful .
Great service and the views are really nice . Food was pretty good too but nothing extraordinary .
Yummy ! ! ! I had the walleye dish that ' s grilled . I ' ll be back to try their other specials .
I had the Lamb Chops and oh boy ! ! ! It was wonderful . My lady had the fish and once again it was delicious . Bobby Flay is a guru when it comes to sauces .
I had breakfast this morning my waitress Sydney she was great coffee good with the cream I like my chicken fried steak I will be back
Yummy pulled noodles . Great broth ! Portions are a touch small .
pretty solid lunch deals . prices are much cheaper than dinner and the portions are still very large . will definitely go back to try the other things on the menu
High quality , great unique flavors . Tried the octopussy , it was very refreshing and the potatoes were Krispy . Also liked the toro scallion and spicy tuna roll . .
This place specializes in mochi . They are fresh made and really soft like a marshmellow . I tried a few flavours but my favourite was the black sesame . Not overly sweet and a really nice treat .
Very good food , large portions and nice atmosphere . Prices are reasonable for what you get . Definitely returning . Recently tried deliver and it was super fast , well within 15 minutes .
my favorite things at bouchon : ( * ) pomme frites ( * ) lemon tart ( * ) view of the pool courtyard
Eric came out today and replaced a broken pane in one of our 2nd story windows . I believe Eric did professional quality work . He was a very nice guy and very easy to work with .
Wonderfully tasty seafood , very casual . Good selection of food . Crab , shrimp , even sandwiches came in several preparations . Best seafood at reasonable prices .
Food was good . Owner was super friendly . Great service and atmosphere . I would highly recommend visiting this resturant . The giro was great ! Salad was great !
We frequent the Ahwatukee location and we think it ' s a great little spot to grab a quick bite if you are in the mood for Mexican food . The beans are yummy !
The lunch specials are the best ! Good amount of everything : chow mein , fried rice , main dish ( of your choice ) all for less than $ 7
Cam in here during WInterlicious . The server was nice and the food was good . And the Flan de Caramelo was a combo of a flan and something from the cheesecake factory . So good !
Here visiting . Nice place with good food . All you can eat special . Can ' t go wrong with that .
The signature tacos are okay , we tried the mahi mahi and white fish ~ We love the specialty tacos , the salmon and the tuna tacos are great ! The environment is nice with good service .
These are sweet buns with various fillings . If you are the kind who doesnot mind non trying out different and peculiar flavours , you would love this place
I loved the food here . I also think it ' s awesome that they use the money they take in to help people . The shrimp and grits were great .
Freaking amazing burgers ! This is an awesome place to hang out with friends . Make sure and sit outside if you can .
Pretty good service and the pizza is a great value . We are happy with this location .
Good food friendly staff ! Nice outdoor patio and tasty greens and brisket , A come and get fed place ! We will be back
One of our favorite local places to take friends and family for a good solid southern meal . Good food , great prices , sweet waitresses who always remember us !
Great little local place . Best pies in Brampton ! Nice little gem in the area . Although produce is a bit expensive .
Great chicken sandwich good sweet potato fries good green bean fries and good service always a pleasure
Great food . Friendly staff / host . Amazing prices for the food quality ! 4 . 5 of 5
I get the same thing every time . Yellow Curry Chicken . It ' s predictable and good . Service is good . they don ' t rush you out . busy during lunch so get there early .
Great place for families ! My kids were a little stir crazy after a long day , but the server totally stepped up to the plate and gave us a great meal . Will return for sure .
We had a couple appetizers and the service was quick - food was tasty and portions were perfect sizes to accompany a drink . Overall I ' m satisfied !
Everyone knows how amazing this place is ! ! It is just they never have enough employees and always have to go around looking for someone to help . The place is cleans and organized !
Great atmosphere and they have great gluten free menu that have variety of foods that are full of flavor . Definitely would go back again
Red Rock is beautiful ! A fun drive or hike to enjoy such beautifully natural scenery !
The theatres are good quality and clean despite the crap ton of kids that get deposited here Friday night by less than steller parents , some dressed like night walkers . Despite that I love this place .
great food , quick service , a very comfortable setting , i ' d recommend to anyone in the area .
Super service . Great burger , nice selection of wines . Fries a bit on the salty side for me .
Super nice staff and they are really good with the pedicure . I enjoy this place and would def come bAck again . Clean establishment and lots of staff here to cut back on the wait time .
Nice but smoke filled the modern version of a speak easy .
Great place to watch sport or just hang out . Good food and service and Heather ' s hair is amazing tonight !
Very cool vibe inside this coffee shop . Loved the vegan options since I was looking for dairy free treats . They also use milk alternatives ( soy , almond ) .
great place for lunch . things are priced so well . portions are huge . food is fresh . love the korean rice they use .
Good price , clean rooms , helpful staff . Elevators a bit ran down but not as bad as everyone says , long line for check in but moved quickly . Rooms cleaned and restocked daily
Mon - Thurs . they offer $ 35 mani / pedi which is a great deal . Went there today and I was happy with their service : )
Was pleasantly surprised ! The chicken noodle soup was definitely worthy of five stars .
The food and atmosphere was great . The staff speak both French and English . The only thing that disappointed me was they refused to steam cream for my brevé cortado .
Back again last night for takeout and the food was superb as usual , complete takeout service , on time and great .
Always get fast and friendly service and food is always good . My go to for delivery or a late meal
This place is great . It ' s old school looking inside . Breakfast is like you ' d make at home . SUPER cheap . It ' s fast and good . What more could you want .
Lots of great liquors and some neat beer on tap . Burger was well built and cooked to perfection . Affable sts
Love this place I had the orange chicken and hubby had beef and broccoli . price was a bout 8 bucks a plate and so much food took leftovers for lunch .
A nice lunch spot - the cost is $ 6 . 95 with many favorites like chicken chow mein with fried rice , very tasty . Check it out !
This place was average at best . Smaller than expected and the food wasn ' t all that good . Prices were average for Thai food . Service was just ok . I doubt I ' d go again
I ordered a pizza that was great my Sister ordered clam chowder And it was really good i would definitely come back .
This place is no longer at this address . I hope they found a new location because I really enjoyed the sushi and service .
Jesus the meat and cheese and deep fried greatness here is beyond measure . The waitresses are very kind but a bit busy for the tables they have to serve . But good effort !
The berkshire pork belly is greasy , fatty , fried and yes , fantastic ! Totally worth every calorie . I can skip dessert to eat this . Easily !
Picked up a bottle of wine before heading to a nearby hotel . State run store , being from NY , it ' s the same prices I usually pay . Friendly people .
Excellent ! I got a waffle with Nutella ice cream on it . They are just like the ones I got in Belgium !
Great alternative for a quick healthy dinner . Can be as healthy or unhealthy as you wish . Enough of variety to make the entire family happy .
Many gluten free options ! ! Food was great and I felt just fine after eating there ! The waiter made me feel confident that he knew about gluten .
Good , I just wish it was more healthy , i would visit multiple times per week if they didn ' t add oil to the veggie pho !
Good food and plenty of it . Worth a stop for sure , make sure you also see the Pioneer Village as well .
A bit pricey , but the seared ahi tuna burger is really good . $ 22 , spicy mayo and avocado paste . The burger is very flavourful . And tons of fries .
Back for BINGO . I played a few slots and lost my money really nothing to write home about .
Make sure to call ahead or to come early to avoid lines and a long wait !
This is a very nice restaurant and the staff is on point . I had the entree of crab legs , and loaded pot . Very good , and very generous .
OMG , really great sign when the flavour you expected to be , is there ! Ribeye Tacos perfect 10 / 10 , likewise for the carnitas ones . The only downside is that is freezing inside .
DIM SUM on Sunday IF you can get in ! ! When you have time try the duck . Delicious ! !
quality is consistent . not as salty as the other ramen places . good service .
The staff are friendly and professional . I waited about 15 minutes but Dr Elliot was very good . He is thorough and his process is transparent . Definitely recommend .
Not bad for a steak place was a little pricey but no complaints
Family fancied caring for goldfish again . Customer service is great , very in their expertise and precise in solutions to all problems pet care related . Clearance and sales are often here .
Ancho chicken tacos are where its at ! Table side guac is always good . We gave them make it without salt though , the chips are salty enough for it all !
Shisha slash hooka for $ 15 is the way to go , plus it isn ' t bad . Small place but a nice atmosphere with a nice little menu .
Great little spot good for lunch . Bao for 5 bucks filled with all kinds of goodness . The bolgogi sandwich was awesome with corn inside . It is a clean new spot
First visit . Very clean and nice folks . Had the adobo and pork blood stew . Both very tasty . Looking forward to sampling the entire menu in further visits !
Food was awesome . Prices are very affordable . Usually order take here for lunch but today i came inside the resturant . Very friendly staff .
Everyone at the table liked their meals . Reasonable prices , good food , quick and friendly service . The temperature in the restaurant was a bit warm .
The only mall in town worth going to - always clean - quite and nice selection of stores
Great prices Mon - Thurs ( $ 5 ) , good parking and movie selection . Always clean , with stadium seats and decent snacks .
The sushi is very good . Lisa Lisa and Crouching Tiger are my favorite
Great and fun spot for brunch . The wait wasn ' t that bad and our waitress was attentive .
I have finally found my go to place for pierogies . Perfect portion with perfectly cooked onion . Add kielbasa and you have yourself a meal .
Sorry to report that the Asian Cafe closed permanetly today , phone disconnected and door locked during lunch time .
I had the best Eggs Benedict of my life here . Seriously . Snazzy , mod interior , and good coffee too . I ' ll be back .
Good food . Our server , Alex , was super awesome . It was service that we will remember for a lifetime .
I have been coming here for years , and I have gotten the same thing every time . . . . great service and great food . Try the burger , and have someone to share it with .
Very lively place with great drinks and a hipster crowd . It probably appeals more to the straight community , but there are plenty of gay men who feel comfortable here .
Such good , clean fun . HUGE pool , fun slides , great for the kids ; I love this place .
Really love the tacos here and the staff are very friendly . Favourite are the pulled pork , jerk chicken . Kid friendly as well .
The fish tacos were great . The blood orange margarita was tasty and certainly had a hearty amount of tequila .
Really great food We had the chicken Samos they were wonderful ax well a chicken kabob server with very yummy rice We will be returning
Great lunch time specials , very clean , good size portions , very nice quick Chinese spot . I can definitely see my self coming back !
Diner , Drive - ins and Dives gave the tacos a top call - but the Chile Rellenos are bar far the best thing on the menu .
Nice atmosphere , good baristas . I wandered over here just looking for some wifi , and ended up spending a few hours here . Wifi is password protected , but posted at the front counter .
Fantastic Food in a cozy cute place . I ' m oficially loving some Cambodian food after going here .
Better food than most upscale restaurants , good service weird location and set up . I prefer to go to the Mastro ' s in L . A .
Love the Thai food here ! SO good . Service isn ' t the best and the prices are a bit high - but food is yummy and they deliver
Driving up from Georgia and decided to stop by and try it . Ordered pork souvlaki , falafel , and gyro . Pretty darn delicious . Nice spot and servers . Highly recommend it
Cool spot overlooking the Bellagio fountains . Order these and be happy : nacho cheeseburger and the soft pretzel .
Saturday breakfast was terrific . House made Bloody Mary ' s were great . Sara bartender and server was great too .
Food was very good . Had Chilean sea bass which was prepared incredibly well and surprisingly fast . Very nice atmosphere .
Came here to have a few links on my watch taken off . It ' s only $ 5 and the service was good ! I did not look around for jewelries though lol
Love this place ! Food is Fantastic and the Bartenders are very friendly ! The only downside here is the winnings ! Not enough for sure = )
Very good option for some take out pizza in Scottsdale . Nice gluten free crust option ( plus $ 3 / pie ) . Very crowded on the weekend for take out though so call early .
I love the live art on Saturday nights , and there ' s a game room if you need a quick distraction . Reasonably priced drinks , could use a design update otherwise .
Not a fan of hibachi , but this place was pretty dope . Definitely likely it better than our Manhattan annoying chain restaurant . Although you probably wont catch me back , I got nothing bad to say .
Great sushi . Atmosphere is not as fun as Ra but sushi is much better . I don ' t really care for the rotating sushi bar . Bottom line food is great and prices are reasonable .
Good on the spicy went full scale .
I ' m a big fan of Humble Pie . They have an awesome happy hour , their pizzas are delicious , and always had excellent service . The cookie skillet dessert is very good too !
We come here for the football games . . good beer and good food . Just what you expect from a sports bar
Great tacos ! ! ! My wife and I had drinks and tacos before a concert here . The employee working behind the bar had no idea how to change the channel or any relevance of sports .
Hometown favorite ! Line out the door but table turnover was quick ! In - season right now are pumpkin pancakes ! Yum !
Taco Tuesday Tacos for $ 1 ! Pretty nice place . Reasonably priced . They have beer and a selection of mixed drinks . Horchata is pretty good here . Overall pretty legit !
love that " Tuna Nachos " , very friendly service and cool atmosphere ! !
Good food , delivered quickly , and accepts credits cards . Not too greasy .
I like to Gamble here . Wish they had more wheel of fortune slots . Parking garage is always full . Rooms are basic however the Go rooms are nice and modern .
This place is worth the 20min drive . The sushi is delicious . The names of the rolls are entertaining and the staff is nice .
Beautiful shop , imaginative and with a great mix of live and faux arrangements and beautiful containers to boot !
Good show and funny show at The Linq Las Vegas . A lot a divas performance here . The show is drugs queen show .
A Madison favorite , spitting distance from Camp Randall . My favorite is the Ruben omelette . Great coffee .
Reasonably priced , clean and quick service . Parking is very limited on Wednesday nights because of a neighboring business . Other then that , you should check it out ! I will come again .
Nice hotel and very clean . Close proximity to everything the Tourist needs . Most staff were very helpful .
All I can say is Macadamia Nut Encrusted Goat Cheese was AMAZING ! !
Tabouleh salad isn ' t actually Tabouleh but I still love this place . I have a soft spot for Greek food . : )
Food is good , but very rich . Come hungry for butter : )
The red curry is good not great . . Good price and good service . I recommend coming during dinner time for more options .
quality tastes good . pork is tender . portions are a little small compared to other greek restos . i wish they would put some sauce on the rice . overall i ' m a fan .
One of the best Chinese restaurants I ' ve been too - fresh , reasonably - priced food with good service . They just need to open a location in Mentor now !
their ihaw - ihaw is the bomb ! and its really cheap ! one dollar lang per stick ! Sana next time , meron na silang chicken isaw ! !
All good , they don ' t make dumplins like me though ! ,
The margaritas are awesome ! Highly recommend the blackberry margarita and the cranberry spiced margarita . Carnitas napoleon and Chicken chimichanga
Had morning coffee here a few times while in town for Spring Training . Nice staff , good coffee enjoyed the outdoor area . Strong effort all around .
A great escape in a lunch break . Nice refreshing air . Unfortunately aisles are small , tough to navigate . Also usually there are homeless ( bad area ) .
Just visited for the first time ; the food is delicious ! The workers are very pleasant and gave great recommendations . I ' ll be back for sure !
Yummy and tasty hot dog . The frank was grilled nicely with 2 toppings and sauces . I really enjoyed .
Really amazing traditional Filipino food . I give it 4 stars for being a hidden gem with dynamic range of taste and family friendliness . Coming back ! Apparently there is live music Friday nights and Sunday afternoons .
One of my favorite outdoor sitting in Cleveland . Great food to boot .
Great place ! Tried the bun and the fresh spring rolls and they were great . They also have the Vietnamese baguette sandwiches , something you don ' t normally see in Vietnamese joints !
Good beer selection and decent food . I recommend the potato skins for an appetizer with prime rib chili on top . For an entree try the blackened chicken Alfredo . Also great place to watch games at .
It was good , affordable and simple . They only lost a star because of the service wich was . . ordinary because of they were simply unexperienced . I ' ll definitely go back !
Dinner here was fantastic : had the chicken tacos and the duck . It was very very good .
A short walk from the madness and good deals . The avocado sandwich did the job . Will come back again .
Grass fed burger was tasty and the cheeseburger egg rolls are a great appetizer . Price point might be a dollar or two high , but it was a fun , quick dinner .
They have good sized portions for the money . The soups are delicious . The salad is to die for .
food is pretty good ! they are rice nazis there so make sure you eat your rice .
Really tasty kebabs . I suggest Pitt people to try their chicken kebab , chicken Adana and their fried zucchini .
I love the fresh juices , and the vegan meals . Whats not to love !
I was here a couple of years ago and the dim sum was good .
Low priced . Quaint . Superbly kind . In the words of my wife : " This is NOT the worst coffee I ' ve ever had . "
Great atmosphere . Incredible service . Tasty tacos . And you can ' t go wrong with rum . Try the plantains .
Great authentic korean food here . Although the meat jun could use some work , everything else is great . The people are friendly and the restaurant atmosphere is nice too . I highly recommend this place !
This place was great . The food was delicious . We would definitely return . We loved everything we tried .
No nonsense barber shop . Great service and cuts . Hands down better cutters of hair then most high end salons in the Huntersville area .
Surprisingly good . Absolutely awesome for their hours . Phoenix doesn ' t have very many Chinese places open late on weeknights , so this place is a find
Upscale decoration , modern bright ambiance and Good authentic Italian pizza . Worth a try . . .
The owner , Andy came and talked to my table and was very friendly . It is a pretty reasonably priced AYCE , especially for the quality of sushi you get . The honey toast desert is delicious .
Not a bad place . Good Bloody Mary ' s home made not some premix crap . . The mix makes a real good red beer . . .
if you happen t be in Vegas and want a quick bite ? well this is the place , I had a carne asada burrito and it was loaded with carne asada not to mention delicious .
The bartender was super helpful and the food was wonderful . Another reason to visit the Gordon Square neighborhood .
I really enjoyed their veg sandwitch ( Légume Grillés et Fromage de Chèvre ) . Avacado Salad is decent . Service is prompt and prices are cheap given the location .
Highlight was the tacos and salsa verde . Margaritas also very nice . Enchiladas average . nice to get off the strip and relax in a modern hip environment .
Our Sunday morning tradition .
They fit a lot of people into a small space , so it can be crowded and slow service sometimes . . . but the food always has great flavor !
Good food , huge portions good price . Minus 1 star cause they close so early . Only open until 9pm .
Wonderful service , great food . Our waitress was attentive and accommodating , they had homemade beer battered bacon , which was unbelievable
Been going here for years ! I think Dontinos is just as good as any Italian restaurant you ' ll find in Cleveland ' s little Italy .
Decided to pick up some lunch to go . The pear salad was delicious and the turkey panini was pretty tasty . The desserts not so much . They looked so good but had no flavor .
Excellent location ! Superb customer service food was amazing we had shrimp , the halibut may have had a tad too much batter - but overall delicious meal .
How can you complain when it ' s all a DOLLAR ? I love this place ! ! ! A dollar a hollar ! Yeah !
Didn ' t have to wait for my appointment time . Place seemed cleaned and organized . The doctor was very friendly and the exam was free as a first time client . We will be back .
Consistent go - to for fresh barata wrap with my fave being spinach and chickpeas w / chili fries combo .
love maggianos ! service is great and food is excellent - cant beat the buy one take one free dinner - bread is awesome - awesome meatballs and good portions
Fresh produce . Cheap prices . Friendly staff .
I have been coming here for the past few years . Food is always good and not over priced . Sunday all day happy hour is my favorite day to come here .
Amazing pizza . And amazing spaghettini . So that ' s what handmade spGhetti is supposed to taste like . Def would go back for their pizza . Something so simple tastes so amazing .
Just had my first Smashburger ; very good burger , not a fan of their shoe string french fries . . . their sweet potato fries are way better !
I really enjoyed this place , & was pleasantly surprised @ the quality of food . More than anything , I was amazed how full I was on a vegetarian menu . Highly recommended for new experiences .
I ' ve been going here for almost 10 years and always have good experiences . Dr Kalons is super friendly and has great customer service ! It ' s very convenient when working uptown as well .
The food here is very good , the service is decent . I would come back , but would not go out of my way to come here .
Recently needed for car repair after accident . Did good job , took slightly longer than my liking but they told me that in advance so i was mentally ready .
Staff is friendly . Food was good , relaxing atmosphere . Love having a patio to relax at . : - )
Ditto Jen Z But one problem , the new location has serious Wifi problems Update 03 / 2014 : They seemed to have finally fix it
My sis and I loved the brisket , pulled pork and greens ( were a special ) so flavorful , tender , juicy and delicious , definitely coming back !
Super cute place but the staff was not very friendly . Menu isn ' t very big . Tofu bahn mi was delish though ! They could also use some tunes for some ambiance . . . .
Good atmosphere and fun . The ruben sandwich is really awesome ; ) This is a great place to come with friends for happy hour and to socialize while playing corn hole .
We have dined here numerous times and truly enjoy it . Upscale Mexican food at its finest . The Tacos al carbon is my first choice . The fresh guacomole made table side is very good .
we got 20 wings and fries for $ 13 . 99 . The wings were great . so good . and hot . Definitely will return soon .
So much to do , my son loves hiking the mountain and playing soccer on the grass . Great park for picnics and birthday parties .
If you want legit good pizza that combines a solid New York style pie / slice on the west coast , this is your spot . Friendly on the phone during order , quick delivery times
Worth the drive the apple stick is one of a kind . And the gaint donut definitely should be a food challenge .
Very pleased . Very good bar type food and the girls work very hard to give great service . Very happy that we spent lunch money here .
Fabulous food , drinks , delicious . Waitress didnt know what a mojito had in it . . But , overall , good experience
Update : Tim Hayes , parts and service manager worked with me . He assisted with getting me the tires that I needed . I ' m glad that the company made it right .
Go to John or David for hot gels , acrylics , fills , pedicures , and manicures ! ! ! They ' re the best . There is a large selection of gel colors .
We had a fantastic brunch after church and I recommend the Southwest Burrito . The coffee is great too .
I only come here in the morning before i go into work . I get my coffee fix every so often . The ppl there are nice . It ' s just like any other starbucks
Beautiful place to take your family and sit on the grassy area , food was good , everyone was so friendly I definitely will be back
Best viet place in Markham . Well , that ' s what my viet buddy told me but after going almost weekly I agree . Amazing spring rolls and pho .
Great food . Super nice owners . Delivery was fantastic . So sad that they decided to close their doors .
The best beef ribs I have ever tasted ! Moist , juicy , fall off the bone . And the wings - smoked and then grilled . not deep fried .
Yum ! Garlic aioli is the off da chain ! Ham and cheddar never tasted so good ! Must . Try . Everything !
Delicious food and friendly service . Great spicy salsa and fresh ingredients . Good choice for group dinner parties with friends and will be sure to return !
1st time visiting this place . The food and atmosphere was pretty good . Would definitely try this place again for our next visit .
Love the bacon breakfast burrito and the beans ! ! ! ! Rolled tacos are yummy too ! ! Their salsas are good too ! !
Loved the meatball , gluten - free pizza , and candlelit table tops . Great place for a date or a group of friends getting together . Definitely would return .
The beer here is extremely tasty . And I like how the restaurant decorated . The burger here is better than the dish entries .
Lovely brunch ! More than expectation ! The only drawback is the ugly font on menu !
The food is fresh and clean tasting , not heavy and covered in sauce . This is the only place I go to for Mexican . Have recommended it to several friends and everyone loves it .
This place is great Good noodle to broth ratio Bad hours though They close at 7 which sucks I ' m surprised a pho place that closes before 9 .
Came back yesterday and service was great had the American omelette and cheesy grits on the side the grits were cooked to perfection and had great flavor will definitely be back to try the other items ! !
Wah , I ' m sad , my mongolian beef was like 75 % onion 25 % beef . And it still cost $ 8 ! I hope this was a fluke guys , cuz I love you !
Great time ! ! ! ! The food was very good along with the service . No to bad on the wallet .
This place has a charming atmosphere . The food was good . I especially liked the deviled egg dip with bacon and homemade potato chips . Parking can be tricky .
Wet Burrito and asada fries everything was good the fries were kinda cold buy the time i ate them since i got delivery but other than that it was pretty good .
Had the edamame and california rolls . Good food . Ok service .
Pretty good basic pho . The broth tastes great with decent variety of beef - cut . I would come back : )
Excellent food and friendly service . The décor is a little odd and not particularly inviting , but everything else makes up for it . Well worth going to .
Best place to recharge in Pineville after a long day at work . Comfortable beds , friendly staff and a great breakfast .
I love coming here with my dog & walk around or stopping by @ dog park , park has a beautiful view & is also great place to picnic
Service is always fast , attentive and they are nice ! Love the AYCE and well worth it . . . especially since the have a variety of options !
Best bubble tea in town in my opinion , but the food isn ' t that great . I recommend the kiwi bubble tea with lychee popping pearls .
Amazing lobster rolls . I got the Connecticut . Almost as good as being in east coast . Good service but a little pricey . But what do you expect when in Las Vegas
Food was very very delicious enjoyed the curry and the price is very good . The only thing i dont like was my appetizer " egg roll " but everything was gread and had a good service .
Corporate Farmer Boys . Brings down the price for your average meal by a dollar or two . Great Centennial Hills location . Great Friendly srrvice .
Tasty food , a little salty . But otherwise very nice experience . Highly recommend .
Cheap NY strip steak with two eggs and fried quartered potatoes post - gym work out meal for $ 8 . 99 . Solid go - to for breakfast from 6 : 00AM to 10 : 30AM
L ' ambiance est décontractée mais sans être trop guindée . Le menu est intéressant proposant plusieurs plats typiques portuguais sous formes de tapas .
Awesome Asian cuisine ! Great customer service , fresh vegetables and delicious food that is ready in little to no time !
Pork bone soup is good ! Great value and quality . The food came fast . Banchan was good - love the kimchi .
Good skewers and shrimp wedge salad . Not crazy about the fish tacos or crab cakes . The are NOT the Maryland crab cakes by any means . Good happy hour prices . Waiter very attentive .
The falafel is some of the best in Tempe . The gyro sandwiches are cheap and solid . They have a gyro deluxe sandwich which comes with feta . Good times . Yes , the lemonade rocks too .
The ambiance and staff are great ! Also great food and drinks ! We did have to up the spice level on everything .
Food was good but quite salty for me . It was $ 10 brunch special . The upper deck is really good in hot summer . Misting is awesome .
What a find . I love that it is never crowded but I worry it needs more business to survive . Excellent menu and great sushi chefs . Huge serving for the money . Great value .
Small little strip mall Mexican place . Close enough to Guadalupe to make it somewhat authentic . Good prices and certainly a step up from the usual fast food Mexican places around town ,
Great food and cool atmosphere . Would recommend . Still haven ' t tried the ramen dishes . On our list .
Amazing ! Love the food ! Owners are so nice and personable ! Not too pricey lunch menu ! Check it out !
Tremendous VFM amazing food and friendly staff along with your favorite K Pop videos .
The manicurists are always friendly and either let you alone or chat away with you . You can book online , call ahead or walk in . Been there 3 times . My husband goes now too .
The professionals at Klinke Cleaners are friendly and professional . They always get my clothes done in record time .
I love this place always fresh coffee and donuts very good service were clean the best donut and coffee shop in the city
Went here for lunch on a weekday , fish tasted fresh , sushi was rolled nicely and not double layered with rice . The server was very attentive .
Trump is a Beautiful Hotel ! I recommended it for a Stay - cation hotel for locals . We would definitely stay here again .
Excellent ! Le décor est chaleureux et les assiettes très appétissantes . Bon rapport qualité prix aussi . . J ' y retournerai sans hésiter !
Ordered for delivery . Service was super fast . Food was hot and delicious . . . and huge portions too .
Went for dinner . Lots of seating , good food , hummus , chicken kabob , tea and dessert deserves special mention . Will go back !
這裡的感覺非常休閑，可以坐在室外喝咖啡是個很不錯休閑的地方，讓人整個人非常放輕鬆的場所，東西也蠻可口美味，算是物廉價美，值得來這邊嘗試嘗試！
Not sure how to describe this place . It ' s a pizza place that ' s attached to an office that I never knew about despite having lived in the neighborhood for years .
First time purchase for local " Chinese " food . Lots of choice and pleasant staff . Best dish was the Orange Chicken - very light tempura batter .
Went here to get bandages and they had what I was looking for . The check out was quick and I was asked a couple of times if I needed help .
Donating now and there is not a long wait . . The Associates are moving fast and with a smile . . Always nice smiling faces when I come in
We only got drinks but the Vegas crush and the three way too notch ! Perfect for a sunny day just walking on the strip !
The crepes are delish . Great atmosphere , service was awesome . Perfect place to be for some chocolate overdose & good conversations .
Service and food were both really good ! Would recommend for anyone looking for high quality kbbq in Las Vegas : )
Trisha is very professional . She was careful to explain the photo facial and did a thorough job . Office is clean and pleasant . I ' ll definitely be back for more !
Thought it was a really good burrito . Great chips and salsa . Compares favorably to chipotle in this area .
Food is awesome but the service is horrible . . . . They need to hire a new staff that is actually knowledgeable about the menu and friendly .
Great sandwiches and coffee here ! Lovely atmosphere and artwork on the walls . Very welcoming of families .
Love Pho Real ! ! Not the best pho I ' ve had but pretty good nonetheless . Service is always great and pretty fast . My only wish is that they give more veggies with the pho !
You have to try the salted carmel . This is a very cool & unique kind of donut shop . My kids love it .
I went to South Point to bowl . They have a huge bowling alley with plenty of lanes . I loved bowling here , and would definitely come back .
Quick Chinese food from their steam trays . Simple options ( choose x items for x $ ) . Tastes good and is filling .
Their food is delicious . I tend to go towards vegetarian / vegan items here . Meat items tend to be a little over salted at times . Service is very slow but they are nice .
Very cool little corner of town . It might look a bit sketchy , but was very safe . Extremely good Reuben and a frosty pint of beer . Will come here again
Oh yeah . This place is awesome . Visiting Tempe for work and was craving kabobs . Service was super fast and food is really fresh and cooked awesome . Definitely worth 5 stars .
Good place with good food and service . Pasta , salad , soup and cake are great . However , we ' re so sad that this place has closed for sometime due to renovation .
Bit loud , but otherwise , a pretty good pub .
service was a bit slow and they forgot about us for a while ! but food is good , the portions are for a giant ! But good friendly overall . Huge selection .
Amazing staff . Fantastic Food ( had nachos and pulled pork poutine ) . Great selection of beer . Speedy service . What more can you ask for ?
Friendly service , clean and modern interior , good noodles ! Dan Dan noodles wasn ' t spicy enough for my taste but I ' m coming back for more .
Great Pho and Spring Rolls ! The place is very clean , service great and pricing is fair . Eat here a couple times a week !
Love that it ' s open late ! ! ! Carne asada fries are super delicious ! My husband got a breakfast burrito and he loved it . He loved the thin tortilla the burrito was wrapped in .
totally awesome place to stay . decent walk to the casino , with a slow elevator . room and view was sick . jetted bathtub in the room made monday night football a whole lot better .
For the casino : Friendly dealers and chill atmosphere . . you ' re more likely to be over - dressed than under - dressed so dont come with super high expectations in that aspect .
Service is slow even when there is no one In there . Took them 25min just to make my one Order . Aegean though still one of my favorite Mexican places in chandler .
I liked the place . Food is definitely bar food , but great atmosphere . Warm , inviting , wood everywhere , nice folks .
Love coming here ! Nice staff , clean , fun space and great footy . They have a great lunch menu and great happy hour . My favorite local sushi place .
Can get pretty crowded at night but it ' s still a fun , cool vibe with great music food and drinks !
The Koffee Kup is a wonderful small town diner . We are always happy with the service , the bathrooms are clean and the food is terrific . The pies are the best .
Good service good food . Starting to get used to the change in menus . This location seems to be better than others
Pretty good food . I especially enjoyed the octopus and the cauliflower dishes . Ordered both the sangria ' s , but they both felt a bit watered down .
Food is good , drinks and service as well . The only thing I would change is the noise level . It is VERY loud , not an easy place to chat and catch up with friends .
Bénédictines are great - ask and they customize add bacon etc . On busy days the staff can get overwhelmed but generally they are warm and welcoming . A safe bet for brunch not tried dinner .
best carne asada in the valley . don ' t go here for anything else or it ' ll just be okay .
Good food and nice outdoor tables . Prices fair and the beet salad is terrific !
I really like their Swedish meatballs and LOVE their " BAKELSE PRINSESS " Cream cake with marzipan . Never missed to try that if I ' m arund there .
Food is good . Ambience is great . Parking is an issue but its worth the effort . Have been there few times and always came back satisfied
Limited but good . One of the few places I know of in Madison you can get actually spicy food .
The food here was tasty . I did not find anything particularly special on their menu . I would give this place 3 . 5 stars .
The guacamole was amazing ! ! ! My husband usually doesn ' t even eat quac loved it ! We split tacos my favorite were the pollo and he enjoyed the pork shoulder and wagyu steak !
This place is quite trendy ! I love the variety of drinks and how unique some of them are . The Almond Joy is my favorite ! Local ladies . . . get registered for your free drink !
Nice irish pub in Madison . Had Shepard Pie . Fair . Service was fast . Great place for sharing time with friends .
Great burger , onion rings and super double chocolate shake . The real winner is the Spicy Ketchup ! Definitely returning again .
This is me and my girlfriend ' s staple Thai spot now . Food is very good for the price and delivery is super fast . I ' d recommend the Pad Thai !
This is not one of my favorite casinos but it has a charm that shouldn ' t be missed . It ' s more old school in looks and fun to be in .
The custard is VERY CREAMY but not too rich . I got vanilla custard layered with pina colada ice . Very satisfying !
Not the best looking restaurant , but the food was good and healthy . Accessible prices and good attention . Good alternative for those that are into Thai food .
Came here for a biz dinner during CES , and we had a pre set course dinner . Fresh seafood , good sushi rolls , , good company !
Nice simple ice cream stand with good old Kawartha Dairy ice cream . Quick , pleasant service . A great alternative when Ed ' s ice cream is too crowded
Thanks to Roger for providing me with a ride home when it took longer than expected to repair my car . He also delivered my car home when it was ready ! Thanks Roger !
Quaint good selection of beers and wines . Good local hang out ! Not a place for too many choices for food but lots of IPA beers and good choice of wines .
This place is nice . . . super clean . . . smells good . . . nice music . . . good customer service . . . reasonable prices too ! ! !
I just wanted to add that they ' ve added snacks to the menu . My next visit was better !
Great food at a really great price . Had the cheeseburger and it reminds me of the ones my momma used to make . Really tastes home made . Very clean inside and nice couple to talk too .
Above and beyond customer service and a quick buying experience . I would definitely go back to purchase additional Apple products and for in - store learning opportunities . I highly recommend this store to others .
Really good creamy ice cream with quality fresh baked cookies and brownies . Went to celebrate National Ice Cream Day ! Great way to celebrate ! I got a punch card !
Better pricing than average and my boyfriend was impressed by their express detail : that is saying a lot since he is so picky about his car ! Would do business with again .
Food was delicious and so filling . Staff was super friendly and accommodating . Will definitely be back again .
They have been more consistent with their hours and as always a very friendly staff . Much improved . Renewed my monthly car wash pass
Food are pretty good only the meat was soooo thin that it ' s easily burn on the grill . . . Staff ( Ryan ) was absolutely very good server very attentive and friendly will return
The food has always been pretty good , bush lights are always a dollar . I eat there maybe once or twice a month and have never had a bad experience .
Love the Steak Bowl it Rocks . It is a lot of food . The prices are good , its no Taco Hell . Fast , Fresh , and Yummy . What is not to like ?
Very good food . Masala dosai was excellent . Andhra masala dosai was great but very very spicy !
Really excellent chinese food . Quick friendly service , lots of options , lots of cute posters and stickers by the register : 3
This place is killer ! Come hungry ! Food is spectacular - friendly , laid - back service and great coffee in an extra - large mug ! This place is a keeper . We will be back !
Exactly what I wanted tastes consistent weather in Nebraska or Las Vegas and makes jersey mikes subs taste like McDonald ' s ( not good ) .
Love ikea . Nice prices and deals , nice , beautiful and original products . Difficult to fimd a parking lot
Did not eat here . Country music , line dancing on a nice size floor , bull rides and beer . I ' m in . Don ' t even care about food . Loved it !
Quite a delicious all beef hot dog . I got mine with ketchup , cheese , and hot sauce . I heard the White Hot is the thing to get .
Very nice location - Clean , well organized , bright beautiful displays and friendly / helpful staff . Definitely made you want to shop for all kinds of stuff u didn ' t actually need .
Consistently good food with some unique flavors and new twists on old favorites . Not your typical diner / breakfast joint .
Very good . For 50 $ I fed my family of 5 and have left overs . Orange chicken and chow mien were very good .
Kids had a great time and staff was very pleasant
The food was Good . Greasy but good . Open late . Fast service , and the employees were very friendly Quick and easy to get .
Always fairly enjoyable . The atmosphere is hip , the food pretty decent . Wondering why the took the Rueben off the menu , though .
Not a Thai expert , but I really enjoyed the food . Friendly service and was told they have good deal on Tuesdays with Pad Thai . I will definitely go back .
The beef quality is pretty decent . Some tapas are better than Gyu Kaku . The banana tempura is great !
Great service , awesome pizza . Love the combos they have - - the flavors were great . The beer selection is pretty stellar as well .
I get my prescriptions from this location . It ' s close , convenient , and they make it really easy to get automatic refills . The staff at the pharmacy are very friendly and helpful !
Wide variety . . . i think it might actually be cheaper than Bulk Barn . . . i ' ll continue comparing . . .
Ewwwww they have lots of gidgety gadgets for i - phones my husband squealed with delight . . . . isn ' t that enough ? ?
Great burgers done the right way . . . . slow and delicious . Real fries . melissa cuts the potato to order and fries it before your eyes .
The vibe is urban hipster and trendy , the drinks were very watery and the service was slow . Their peach guacamole was top notch and tacos are customized to every extent ! ! May come again ! !
Delicious burgers , great staff and beer selection . Introduced family and some friends here . They can ' t wait to go back
This is Korean bbq restaurant . taste was nice and they offered reasonable price . But always very busy so you should wait . I want to visit here again . : )
Love prime kalbi tried filet mignon hirame miso pork toro but didnt like the hirame miso !
If you have time to kill in Old Town I recommend a walk around the mall . It is beautiful with the art , flowers , waterfalls , etc .
Very good old school country food . Prices are perfect and the staff is very friendly .
I Love this place ! The food is just delicious my all time favorite is the David ' s Special ( kale salad ) .
It ' s not true NY style pizza but it is close and very good all the same . Fast service and reasonable prices also . I ' ve eaten here several times and will keep coming back .
I found a Feb 1985 copy of a Dungeons & Dragons magazine that I owned when I was 14 years old . It was like I was holding a time machine .
Being able to watch actual TV on board was nice . Overall very good .
We came with a large group ( 20 ) and the manager and staff busted the orders right out , all with a smile . Great place .
Been here a few times . Good place , good food . I ' ve not been super impressed with the burgers but the Mac and cheese is to die for , seriously .
Made an appointment for passport renewal and arrived 10 minutes early with two young kids in tow . Post Office employee was very personable and helpful .
The atmosphere is really nice and it ' s a cute little restaurant . The staff is always friendly and helpful . I love their crispy pork eggrolls !
Love this downtown Phoenix Mexican restaurant . Food is fresh and creative . Nice assortment from the bar ( finally a decent Paloma ) . Also , very helpful waiter who guided us through the gluten free options .
The chicken is soo flavorful , I usually get the burrito bowl with extra corn salsa and hot sauce . So good , i go everyday after school .
Found this neighborhood foodie that serves great Filipino style foods . The added pleasure of LIVE island music was terrific ! The chicken skin appetizer was excellent - very crispy & not greasy at all !
Good lunch spot . Service was quick . Food was good . They had a lot of dif salads that looked good . A little pricey though .
aw more memories ! many a very early morning / late night meal at ritters . . . food was always yummy . . .
Liked the shrimp udon . Food may take longer depending on customer capacity . Hamachi Kama was delicious .
Subway is Subway . . . . convenient for me being at the El Cortez - live 2 blocks away ! Good goto lunch spot for a quick sandwich .
very cute bunny and pig baos as dim sum . Photogenic as well as delicious ~ will visit again ~ !
Great Spanish cuisine . . . reminded me of what we ate in Barcelona . Clean environment and outstanding service too .
Neat coffee place that also serves beer ! I like the industrial look to their shops . It ' s just a little pricey .
Smaller B & N , but has a good selection of books and a cafe . Cozy little spot to get some reading and / or work done .
Dive bar , mainly domestics on draft . Their prices are very reasonable , hot wings had a crispy outside , tasty , above average wings , I would come back when I feel like beer and wings !
Good food , and good service . The pho is always fresh and not oily , their crispy spring rolls are great too ! I go there often and will continue to !
I was very pleased to find an Indian Store that has almost about everything from back home . Not too pricy love it . I just wish they would have Wai Wai and Himalaya beauty products
Love the pasta and salads ! Beautiful terrace in the summer ! I would definitely try it if you ' re in the downtown area .
Neffie is pretty happy with her new haircut from Holly at wag n wash ! ! Great place and great haircut ! !
The nicest owner , with real food made with sincerity and integrity . They need to start having brown rice though .
Fabulous soups with absolutely fresh noodles . Pretty good dumplings . Strange service . No beer or wine .
Fantastic environment , good service and delicious foods . The appetizers are awesome . Love them
Delish ! ! Always get the LaHaina Roll ! ! They have happy hour @ 10pm = ]
Nothing but good things to say . Delicious pizza , good beer , reasonable prices . And if you ' re looking for something sweet , the Nutella pizza is great as well .
Get a hard hat , you will never eat at Mr . Hero again ! ! ! ! ! this is dagwoods version of the romanburger . Restaurant however needs to be updated
This is another cheap eats place in Chinatown worth a visit . The noodles there are nice and I love their little snacks that you can buy with your meal .
Not as vertical as Camelback or Squaw ( excuse me , Piestewa ) Peak . Push your pace and you can get a decent cardio workout .
Come here for the Portuguese tart . Seriously the best I have ever had . Too bad they ran out on family day weekend !
Exellent work and quality products used . The only downside is that you pay $ 2 if using credit but other than that , I love this place .
Best Greek food on the Danforth ! Try the saganaki for sure !
I ' ve played this course a few times and found conditions to be really pretty good , even through the summer ! It ' s a fun course with fair challenges for an executive length course !
Real good bagel . Not what I expected when I walked in but the bagels were sweet and good
Amazing steak tool ups . Nicely priced as well . Great Greek salads and the dressing is unbelievable . Give them a try if your in the neighborhood .
Great food , good prices ! I ' ll be back . I especially loved the Vietnamese coffee drink .
I ordered the bento box with eggs , spam , teriyaki beef , chicken and rice . It was very good . Good service and the location was easy to find .
Great food and service , cute place though in an out of the way neighborhood and strip mall ( not so great ) . Make a reservation for sure .
Really good take out Chinese joint . Broccoli Trio is awesome ! Not a sushi lover so will leave it up to someone else to review that .
Professional , very helpful , excellent customer service . If your tire picks up sharp objects in a town full of construction everywhere , consider this location for repair services .
I can ' t stop going here . Freshly made dumplings are delicious . Everything is very good . Highly recommended .
Very good pub with cheap food ! On Wednesday some items were 5 dollars only , like hamburgers , etc . . ! ! The music is too loud though , but anyways the food is good !
Although we waited 45 minutes after we had been seated before anyone even came to our table to serve us , the owner comp ' d our entire meal .
Nice hotel , friendly staff . Stayed at the GO room . Nice view . The only issue is that people don ' t respect the non - smoking section . You smokers suck ! !
Family chose Metro over Denny ' s . Way better . They serve breakfast all day , and their kids menu is priced well and has plenty of options .
I enjoyed this place . A lot of stuff to look at . Saw April . She was dead on . Can ' t wait to see her again to tell her she was right about everything .
Good Indian food at affordable price ! ! Will be back definitely next time I come to Vegas
Great gem hidden on 12th ave near Jacks bar in the Southside off carson st st Comfortable lounge and huge and when I say huge I mean huge selection of cigars best selection in the burgh
Great burgers and sandwiches . Its not my favorite place , but I ' ll come again . aybe try a different location next time .
Haven ' t been here to long . . . so far . . . so good
Off the hook ! Fun day Sunday and every day ! ! This place is innovative and exciting ! ! For a younger sexy crowd but even us old guys can dream ! !
The flavor of the blue burger was amazing . The only thing I could suggest is that the burgers could be juicier . A little on the dry side but still delicious ! Sweet potato fries were great .
What caught my attention was the 36 beers on tap ! ! ! Why not stop here ? Walking in and it feels like you came to a small village pub in Ireland .
Great place to spend an afternoon . Shopping , movie , drinks and dinner .
Great place to shop for suits , ties , and dress clothes at reasonable prices .
I would highly recommend the Jun ' s Special to try a variety of food at a good price . The food was delicious .
Grade : B - Let ' s get this one over with quickly . It ' s good . It ' s cheap . It ' s noodles for cryin out loud .
Had the fish it was delicious - good list of Lenten specials the wait staff was very kind and attentive
Great food ! Hot & Sour soup is amazing . Delivery does take a little long but it ' s worth it .
Food is good , but did not knock my socks off . Atmosphere is a little " food court " feeling as they are brightly lit and open into the Venetian food court .
Great Shawarmas , the place is clean and food is great . Never has failed me for a quick bite in between classes .
Amazing and quick . . . we really enjoyed it . The clams were off the hook . . . the noodles were great .
I love this place . I get yellow curry with chicken and there ' s no chunks of fat or gross weird meat . They ' re open super late which is amazing !
Just stopped in here because nothing else seemed good and we didn ' t want to get back in the car . Really glad we did ! I had the salmon bowl and it was wonderful !
Great manis and pedis . The business is relatively new , so get in before the crowds find out about this little gem !
Dud an Uber Eats pick up and grabbed a piece of the taftoon bread . Absolutely delicious and super cheap at $ 1 . 66 . Staff was really friendly !
This place never ceases to impress me . The Customer Service and the product knowledge of the employees there are top notch . I especially love their " garage sales " !
It ' s a nice oasis in the desert for those of us raised by water . It ' s 24 hrs too , which is great for us night owls .
Good and cheap and next to asian food market . They give u rice paper and u make your own spring roll .
Excellent customer service by Matthew , he was well - informed and provided me all the answers that I needed to make my decision . Will definitely use this company again
I had herbal tea which was brewed fresh and was wonderful also an americano which was very smooth and not bitter Cute local spot to check out
This place has lots of good things going for it . Easy checkin nice equipment , friendly staff . Thanks For a great time .
Love the friendliness , Great food
Soup dumplings are soooo good . U should definitely try their bubble tea ! ! ! Pork belly is kind of sweet to me . Noodles are good choice for coming to the store .
Serendipity led us to Biarritz , and it was not at all disappointing . The tapas were hearty and the cava was just right to cleanse the palate . A pleasant dinner overall .
Best sandwich made fresh not subway fresh , fresh fresh , this is my favorite sandwich place , soooooo good and no guilt involved because it ' s not junk food !
The falafel us pretty good . A little too much tzaki , but still good . The fries 6 to very well with it , though . The deserts are fantastic !
Verymuch regular foodchain restaurant , but only thing is make me to go this place is their chicken crepe and the coffee . other than that samo samo . . . .
Great place to eat good Indian food . I always get great service in the bar .
Carne asada was awesome . I almost ordered the large plate and the person taking my order talked me into the small . Good thing because I barely finished it !
Great venue for food , ambience and people . The drinks are nothing special but food is exquisite ! Definitely worth going . Enjoy : )
Our server , Alicia , was fantastic ! Even though it was a buffet , she was attentive and charming . She put a smile on our faces : ) thank you !
Great store . . . Awesome service . . . I only wish the coffee shop had more natural healthy options . . .
Their turkey club croissant is amazing . Such a good lunch stop !
Yummy Pomegranate Lemon Drop and friendly bar tenders ! Hot Seafood Platter and huge steak fries were filling appetizers .
I ' m big fan of this restaurant . This is definitely worth the trip off the strip if you are looking for sushi .
Very nice guy works there and very helpful . Bought 2 trees and was fair price and would go back again
Had the Paneer masala and garlic naan , both were excellent . I think the buffet would be the best bang for your buck .
Amazing sushi . Variety of rolls and quality are I recommend to any sushi lover in the Henderson area .
Had lunch here , food very tasty and plenty of it . Had the orange chicken bowl , would highly recommend it .
Not the best pho place , but one of the best in Ville Saint Laurent . The Chinese food is actually pretty good too .
Hands down the most amazingly delicious spicy tuna roll I have ever experienced in my life .
Terrific , authentic Hawaiian food right across from the movie theater . Very nice staff .
Delicious Empanadas ! ! This place is wonderful , loved their food . Will be back for more .
Love this place . The food is great . Only complaint is the last time we were here there was a non service dog inside the store at the tables , which is really gross .
Excellent food and service . They need to get rid of the fluorescent lighting . We tried a few things and they were all great . The tuna tartar with waffle fries was our favorite .
I usually always get the gyro , feta fries , and my gf gets the chicken souvlaki . Their Greek burger is not the best ( had the fatty taste - not very appetizing ) .
Fresh vegetables and warm shower . Good place to spend some time between flights but not the greatest lounge .
It ' s located across the street from my office . I grab lunch at Jacks 4 - 5 times a month . The flavours are amazing and the service is quick and pleasant .
Pork dinner is porky goodness , with crisp pieces and nicely rendered . . . great portion size . . . they need pork souvlaki !
Great location . . . Very comfortable and low - key . Great spot located in Brevard Court !
This was a solid brunch . Reasonable prices and well - executed dishes . The line - up was relatively short and it took about 20 minutes to get a table .
Excellent sushi , service and laid back feel . Good cooks , great unfiltered saki . Small but nice .
This is the best Thai food I ' ve found in Montreal . Great curry . Really good noodles . And they deliver during the week . Major bonus .
Had a great Pizza there ( 3 Cheese with San Daniele ) only the prizes are a bit high , but I think this is an issue that occures in every restaurant in Vegas
Comfortable , cozy and friendly . Decided on Cafe Martin for a quick meeting and it was the perfect spot . Friendly staff , quiet and relaxing ambiance , and great coffee !
The fish was very fresh and tasty ! Their all you can eat menu was very diverse and their staff is friendly and attentive !
The sushi is pretty good . I like their AYCE . If you like bananas and smoothies , you have to try the hanging monkey drink . It ' s addicting !
I like the new spot . Nothing you can say bad about a trader joes . Fresh food , good deals , and a fun place .
Very good sushi but the fried rice dishes are some of the best I have ever tasted . Not much seating capability .
Ms . D . I am not very good with white Wine , the wife enjoyed a Riesling , I think . The fantastic staff made the suggestion , wife accepted the idea .
Had the calamari with curry sauce to go . Big portion . Flaky and crispy without being greasy . Sauce was great . Cute decor . Go if you ' re in the area !
I was just Googling breakfast places in my neighborhood and stumbled onto this place . One word : Pierogi crepe .
Food was good . Service just above good . Outside sitting was nice and they are dog friendly . We will be coming back if we are in the area .
Always good tacos . Not a fan of the seviche or octopus . Good guacamole . Great combinations and flavors . Lots of tequila to try ! Make a reservation or sit at the bar .
What happened to the parking ? ? ? ? ? Parking at the Grand is a bit of a pain compared to the old parking . Otherwise , this bar is great
Hopefully they ' re not really closing down . My family and I had a really good time here petting and feeding the animals .
Oxtail pho and lobster pho were the biggest hits with our large group . Also loved that carpaccio !
great food and the presentation is excellent . the service was a little slower than I would have expected but will be back for sure .
The service was actually quite good here , despite being a busy evening . The food was great and they took great care of my daughter . Keep up the good work .
Really tasty and delicious food . The pho is great and so are the vermicelli bowls . Sometimes they get very busy and are understaffed . Take out is a great option as well as dining in .
David the general manager is fantastic . The server we had tonight was also wonderful . The food and ambience is top notch . Would recommend . Ample parking .
Bel endroit . Decor chaleureux . Bouffe excellente et cuisine recherché . Service impeccable et sympathique . Définitivement un petit bijou a Ste - Therese ! ! !
For a fast food chain this is pretty good . Food is fresh and the staff are friendly . This location is worth a try .
Un endroit génial pour prendre un bon repas entre amis avant de sortir au théâtre .
The food was excellent . The atmosphere was casual . The beers good .
Nice place to socialize . I haven ' t encountered any riff raff here . Nice to hang out with good people .
J ' ai adoré l ' endroit . C ' était cozy , pas très bruyant . La pizza était super bonne , c ' est un excellent rapport qualité - prix ! !
Awesome ! Ask for 10 for spicy ! The $ 15 Thai beer special is godly and helps cut the heat . Very refreshing . This service is great . I had no problem tipping 20 %
10 / 10 would eat again - Words from my daughter ! We had firecracker shrimp , chicken breast spring roll , chicken pho and shaken beef ! All were delicious . Cute restaurant ! Awfully minimal parking !
Love this place ! Their gelato is _ low _ fat _ and tastes amazing . My fav so far is the spicy chocolate . I could eat waaay to much of that stuff .
Tried this Thai restaurant for the first time . Service was a little slow at first but the food makes up for it ! ! Delicious .
Dim Sum is pretty nice , however the quality on dinner dishes have dropped significantly . My family used to be big fan of this place but not anymore . . . .
Place is nice . Lots of variety for ice cream and their shakes are to die for ! Kinda pricey though and small sizing holds them back to me .
Came here with my wife and her grandmother ! ! ! That I been fortunate to know for over 20 years dinner was great ! ! ! !
The chips in the beginning were a little soggy like they were a bit old . But overall the pupusas cant complain . Si pasan .
So far the best reasonably - priced Japanese sushi buffet that has authentic Japanese taste . Lots of variety and tastes great compared to other Japanese restaurants
My go to is the turkeywich . It has thousand island and coleslaw on it ! ! Tastes great and the price is right . Good perks program , too .
Small place , tacos de asada , and tacos de pastor are some of the better tacos I ' ve eaten lately at this place . They have tortas , alambres , y burros .
It had wonderful shakes and delicious food our waitress Lala gave us wonderful service
Great service ! Love the pizza ! Very reasonable Prices ! And they don ' t even charge you for Ranch dressing ! LOL Mexican food looked good also , maybe next time !
Quite enjoyable location for the kids . They have a good selection of games for various ages . The seating area is quite big and plenty of parking .
Arroz con pollo is highly recommended . Good food , drinks and service . Full bar and lots of tvs .
Standard New York style pizza join . Good enough to get the job done . I ' ve had better , but I ' ve had way way worst .
Best Canadian Eh ! slice . The slices they sell are better than the pizza you order though .
This place is very good - I ' ll definitely be back . Had the pulled pork sandwich w / onion rings .
Walking the strip looking for some kine grindz , this place hit the spot nice size portion of fish and sauce so good , will probably be back everyday here . Thanks Gogo . See you tomorrow
Expensive but VERY GOOD ! Great service too ! Reservations a must , Then go outside and enjoy the craziness of Fremont St .
This place is now closed . They went out of business a few months ago with Tommy ' s . It was a good ice cream parlor but apparently market forces were against it .
Very good dim sum but a little more expensive and less options than what we are used to in the states .
Great food ok service some mishaps but otherwise would recommend . Food is very filling and I would come again .
Stopped by to get some paint and it looks like they moved or closed . Was some what close to my house . Bummer !
Open till 2 am with a pretty decent menu and some fun things , most anything on the menu is good to go , good atmosphere and wait staff . Legit
Food is good they serve rice last which is odd , Typical asians usually eat the side dishes along with the rice . Over all service is good . Staff is friendly . .
They were friendly , didn ' t oversell , and gave me a bottle of water and air fresheners . I can ' t ask for more .
I love their carne asada French fries and the rolled tacos . I can ' t eat both in the same meal though . The fries could be split between two people . Good food and good prices .
I came here to make copies and the girl Angie ( i believe is her name ) was a huge help and very nice
Had a the NY strip and side of mushrooms . Both were really good , steak was cooked medium like I asked . Service was really good as well .
Great food and service . The bulgogi is very tasty and the skirt steak is delicious . Looking forward to coming back again .
How can you give a bad review to a place that will deliver anywhere , anytime ?
Really great , quiet in the evenings , decent pricing . Definitely worth the trek over there .
Super nice bar and staff is very accommodating , loved my Buffalo Trace Manhattan . . . .
Great Guacamole , made table - side ! ! Staff is always efficient and friendly . Disappointed they removed shrimp and mushroom quesadillas from menu
Did the Sunday Brunch as the line at Palms looked to be over an hour . Good food / drink / service for price . Will definitely come back , omelete station was done perfectly .
I like the Dim Sum here ! Steam dumplings , 燒賣，芝麻包are good ! The service is OK . I will come back next time !
My only complaint : they are inconsistently open on Saturdays even though their hours on their building front say they are open Saturdays 9 to 1 . Other than that they have been overall awesome .
great placw for a take out or a quick eat . I had a veal sandiwich and it was really good
L ' un des bons restaurants déjeuner du coin . Rien de recherché ni différent , mais de bons déjeuners en toute simplicité y sont servis . Décontracté et sans prétention . : )
They are pretty friendly here . Price is OK . I had a problem with the alteration , but they fixed it . I will be a regular here .
Strong menu selections , albeit few and constantly changing . If you thought you would have never enjoyed eating vegan , think again ! Give this awesome place a try !
We can in for lunch . Food was awesome ! Service was a little slow otherwise would have been 5 star
Good happy hour with reasonable entree and drink prices . The tacos are a la carte and very cheap . I recommend the carnitas tacos . . Back porch awesome in cool season as well !
For a non vegetarian , I was pleasantly surprise how satisfying the plates were . I recommend ordering two plates per person . The lov Poutine taste amazing
They have really good deals on oil changes if you check their website or online . Overall the customer service is pretty good .
The service was good & flavor varieties good . Consistency to the yogurt nice . Would like to see some non - sweet options
I think the dim sum was pretty good but their service was alright . for some reason they seemed pissed off when they were pushing the dim sum cart . . . . .
The orange chicken lunch rice bowl was very delicious and so were the egg rolls . I will defiantly be coming back .
Been coming here for years . Ed is the one I trust the most . They do good haircuts and they shave your neck with a razor .
Great Kiwi Martinis ! Nice place to chill , get out of the heat . Listen to live music on the weekends . There is another location in Fountain Hills , fantastic owners !
Great Espresso and everything a coffee house should be . I only tried the espresso for a quick fuel up . It was perfect and kept me going all day .
Enjoyed a basic hamburger for lunch . The sweet potato french fries with dipping sauce were wonderful . Will definitely eat there again .
Nice and clean business . Customer service very good greeted me soon I entered the business . Good service for the price .
I tried the samplier here and thought it was pretty good . I liked the authentic vibe of this place , but I was sensitive to the insence .
Nice place - happy they serve locally - brewed coffee ! Sometimes the line is a little long but it is worth it .
Amazing ! Food and atmosphere awesome . Can ' t wait to go back ! I never order steak but I took a risk and it paid off .
I got a breakfast burrito and I thought I wouldn ' t finish it because it was pretty big , but it was really good besides the fact that it was vegan .
Gallaghers was good . Upscale Las Vegas without the pretense . Great Steaks , as you ' d expect . Service was good if a bit impersonal .
Really good Chinese food , but portions a bit on the small side .
Just a nice dog park with grass .
Came here after golf on a Yelp ! recommendation . Really good bar food . Love this dive .
Great food and cozy eclectic space . We ' ve gone several times for brunch and gotten take out for dinner . One of our regular go - to .
位于eaton centre负二层，经过重新装修后的Hollister变得更现代feel , 少了加州海边风格。进店内也没有以前超浓烈的自家香水香味。比较中意它家服装的质地，好舒服又悠闲，仍然都系减价区最多人在淘宝。周末假期人比较多，试衣室等候时间相对会耐d .
I ' m from the South , so I have had a lot of BBQ . I have to say that the food here is solid ! I ' ll definitely be back !
Good but not great . Waiter put in the wrong order and steaks were a bit overcooked . Yukon gold whipped potatoes and creamed corn sides were quite good . Portions were decent .
Great Little place for a quick bit to eat . Has a decently priced menu . The line moves quick and the salsa bar is all you can eat so two thumbs up .
delicious ! Big fan of everything we got , especially the bread and goose / squash stuffed ravioli ! Tiramisu was different than what I ' m used to and was much better ! Look forward to coming back
Yummy food . Try the jungle edamame if you like spicy . Also the seared ahi tuna salad with side of jalapeño sauce . . . . mmmm !
Great place . Good food . Thankfully they were willing to speak English to this American business man ! Very friendly staff .
I have eaten at the Good Egg several times . The service is always excellent and the breakfast is always good . Their potatoes are a bit over cooked . I would highly recommend this restaurant .
I like this theater . Always seem to come and catch a matinee but they also give Military discounts ! Cool . The people who work here are super friendly too .
I haven ' t been to Swiss Chalet for almost 2 years , try their Christmas Chicken / Rib combo . . . . not bad . . . with scratch card included in the combo
I can always count on a good piece of meat every time I visit Las Vegas from Gallaher ' s ( and a very fine extensive wine selection to bless said cow tastiness )
I have used this on countless ocasions with my elderly in - laws and they have always helped . At least you can use this as a place to start .
Vous voulez manger un merguez frite à Toronto ? C ' est ici qu ' il faut venir , car vous y trouverez toutes les variétés de saucisses pour votre hot - dog haut de gamme !
Good food , great service and " local flavor " - recommended . . .
Posted up at the bar for a few hours and had a ton of custom drinks made for us . Amazing bartenders and atmosphere ! Definitely worth the $ $ $
Nice , clean , reasonably priced location and food . Nice owners / servers . Great deal for lunch . Check it out .
Ordered the chocolate ganache and london fog . The tea was amazing ! ! Best london fog I have had so far . The ganache was delicious as well .
Clean place . . beats walmarts crowd and rude people ! If you need items in bulk without having to pay for warehouse membership , this is the place to go
One of the best coffee shops around . Certainly my go - to for a great Americano , Misto , etc . Great staff , very helpful . Their new paninis are good , esp the breakfast one .
Nice upscale mall in trendy South Park , reminiscent of Perimeter Mall in Atlanta but less crowded .
Not bad pretty good Boba is cooked perfectly Wouldn ' t know what drinks to get though But I would say stick with what their known for just ask them
Maybe the best margarita I ever drank Cool little sport book and good two dollar hot dog
Awesome combination of Vietnamese food and American dining style . I always have the spicy beef noodle and spring roll . It ' s reAlly good !
If you like spicy Chinese food . This is the place . Featuring northern provincial Chinese cuisine . New ownership brings authentic dishes to Phoenix .
Yay Vegas Pink Taco ! I love you and will always stop by for margaritas and chips when in Vegas .
Not out of this world food experience but great quality food and great ambiance . I would gladly come back . Take the elevators by the check in counter .
Such a great place to eat ! A unique twist to service , and the food was great . We will be back !
i got the el hefe and loved it , the black and blue sauce was great .
One of the largest Post Offices in the area and a great group !
Best tasting shawarma in the area the prices are worth the portion size just a bit low on meat .
I love this place ! The smoothies are naturally sweet and healthy . I do wish though that they would find an alternative to styrofoam . Please bring your cup !
Food quality is very good and well cooked . Not overly greasy as some dim sum places are . Very pleasantly surprised .
This place is great . Cody E . Is the man ! ! ! He was very helpful and took care of me . The service has been fast each time I went .
If you want Mexican in fast food time , but not fast food quality this place is for you . Good food at reasonable prices served quickly . For the cost and ease this place is great .
Since I can now post on here again , I ' d like to say that this place is great . Pulled chicken sandwich . Macaroni and cheese . Do it . Great restaurant .
Great food for the price , clean interior , good service , food was out in a reasonable amount of time .
very chill spot . Got full VIP treatment since my gf ' s cousin knows the ppl that run this place . Good ppl , good drinks , enough to enjoy a night out with a love one .
Nice place , good beer selection from microbrews to PBR . Daily food specials with Comfortable atmosphere and friendly staff . A Winning Combination ! I will be back .
Pit stop burger with pepper jack and green chili is fantastic . It can get crowded , so it ' s hard to get in with bigger parties .
Great environment to eat . Great customer service . This will be a great place for a date too .
Great place to grab a margarita and Mexican food with a view on poolside at the Hard Rock hotel . Food is great , drinks are better .
I drive a little farther to frequent this location as opposed to the one at 19th Ave & Northern . Service has always been friendly and my order is always correct .
The best dirty veggie burger I have had in a long time . . . maybe ever ! Junk food bliss . The milkshake on the other hand was meh . Portions are MASSIVE , btw .
Really good . Had beef fried rice and coconut shrimp . Both really tasty and reasonably priced . Very friendly service for take - out .
Great place to bring the family from breakfast . The food was incredible . Especially the pancakes . They seem that have everything you could possible think of for the perfect breakfast / brunch . We will return .
Service is fast and friendly . My orders have been fulfilled 100 % without error . Sometimes I wish there was a drive - thru !
Their breakfast menu is excellent ! No need to stand in a long line for Cora ' s . The whole place is very clean and the staff is great .
Extremely gracious people run this place and the food is both authentic , abundant , fresh and just great . Highly recommended for lunch and dinner ! We hope Haveli is successful here .
Great store , easy location access off highway 215 . Very clean and great selection of home items , food choices including bakery , dairy and meats . Also friendly employees .
Absolutely fantastic steaks , although very expensive ( $ 59 for the 10oz filet ) . Sides & deserts were equally good . Another very solid Michael Mina restaurant .
Great service and good atmosphere . Try the mozzarella as an appetizer . It ' s so fresh and taste amazing !
I live down the street from this place so decided to give it a try . Glad I did the food was so yummy and the staff very nice . I will go back again and again .
Standard good Dunkin . The staff was friendly and fast . The place is very clean . There is plenty of parking and it ' s a gas station too .
Lately they ' ve smartened up and added a lot more rooms and guests . You definitely need more than one day if you plan on seeing panels and getting pictures . Too much happens at once .
Amazing service , sometimes different staff will quote different amounts for services and parts .
An adult chuckie cheese in my eyes , there is always a special deal during the week . Lots of prizes and games . Great place to go and have fun and hang out .
Definitely a good choice . . They were friendly and quick !
I ate a big burrito and I felt guilty . . the food is delicious . . I ' m glad chipotle is back ! ! It ' s my favorite .
Been here over the years for fantasy football drafts . Nice atmosphere and they ' re very accommodating . All the food was extremely tasty and all the folks who had something to drink were pleased with their cocktails
Loud , fun and the food is great . Japanese style tapas .
A great grocery full of northern european delicacies . If you are looking for something imported from europe or some special cut of meat / fish . It ' s the place you should go .
We loved it ! What a great show ! I got a discount on TravelZoo for the tickets . So definitely check that out to save some $ $ . Met Frank afterwards and what an amazing person .
The name fits ! Lots of candy to buy . I like how you can get a bag and throw in what you want . Expect to pay a ton .
Really nice place good sandwiches assortments of different beers and snacks . $ 2 beers ! Happy employees nice addition to what is obviously an up and coming area
Moist . Delicious . Convenient location with parking . We were greeted when we came in the store . The young ladies working were pleasant and patient while I decided which cake I wanted to purchase .
The escargot was to die for ! Gnocchi could ' ve used a bit more seasoning in the broth / sauce . My husbands scallops were very tasty ! Service was excellent !
Tried their new Tiramisu drink and it was okay . My favorites are rose and hokkaido milk tea ! I like how consistent they are with the sweetness and flavor !
Friendly staff , limited members and country club style amenities . Great gym for the Gainey ranch area !
Good food good size portions at a very good price will definitely come back . Was very happy with the friendliness of the staff and the prompt service
Big store . Lots of party supplies . The prices are decent . It is almost too much going on for browsing . Go there when you are looking for something specific . Staff helpful and friendly .
Good food and many varieties of beer . Fun place to have lunch or dinner . I encourage you to try this place .
awesome hotel ~ feels like your own aparttment in las vegas ~ room serivce is quick ~ clean , huge room 3 tvs ( including the bathroom ) nice view i enjoyed palms ~ must try
Great tasting food ! Large portions . The sampler platter is HUGE . Great customer service !
Great food with modern style atmosphere . But the price is a bit irrational considering the amount of the dishes . It ' s very dark inside .
用ipad自助点菜，品种种类都唔算少。汤底选择除了红油麻辣汤底外，还会提供清油锅，其他的唔辣的锅底选择都足够多，最多可以3种味道的锅底，锅底钱另计。肉类方面每次order的份量都足够多，而且卖相几靓，肉纹靓，食呢度得够爽。味道都唔太差，酱料选择多。加上环境比较新潮，唔会烟雾弥漫，坐得几舒适。唯独唔好系音响音质拆又播得大声。
Great food with fast service . Food spice was not as spicy & I had expected , hot spicy was about low spicy .
Ice cream is great , BUT PLEASE remember , Ben and Jerry Corporate is a HUGE Obama supporter and campaign contributor . Put your money where your mouth is !
Unuon Summer review : settled on the very good peanut butter croissant after trying others .
Charli and Stephanie are great ! They both take their time and do an excellent job .
Walking around in Montreal , this might not be the perfect place for lunch but the food will surprise you . It just has sandwiches , pizzas and crepe . But it is good .
My favourite steak in Toronto . I find the service and food always to be perfect . . . more on the classic side . . But never a bad experience
This is a nice place to have a drink while enjoying the lake and the good weather . You can grab a bite to eat from their somewhat simple menu . The burgers are actually pretty good .
First time here for breakfast , had the ham a d cheese croissant with a little side salad , yummy . Croissant was light and fluffy . Coffee was excellent ! ! !
This is a great family friendly restaurant that is a cut above most . The service is excellent . The food tastes good and the prices are reasonable .
Although it ' s called a diner , it ' s much larger than that . It ' s open 24 / 7 and has a full menu . Tough to fault , especially with good food .
Klein maar gezellig . Heerlijk eten , correcte prijs en fijne bediening . Net naast ons hotel , ideaal dus . We bestelden 3 gerechten die we samen deelden . Tof concept .
I can ' t comment on the meat dishes , but this place has some solid veg options . The have your standard Thai options and they do them well . Quick delivery as well .
A favorite . Love the food , ambiance , and staff . Definitely a must for quality southern . Wish flavors were a bit more unique and distinctive , but food is always fresh and has southern warmth .
Good , fast service , and the place is always clean . It ' s a little expensive for fast food though .
Great food Cheap prices Good customer service Pretty quiet place We ' ll be coming more often here ! ! !
Pretty good . Awesome options . Wish the carrots was spicy though . Other than that it was amazing .
Wonderful bakery and the women that work there are very nice also bread and cakes are superb : )
Their Thai peanut butter wings are to die for ! Perfect amount of heat , and so flavorful .
The food has always been amazing since before they moved to this location and it continues to satisfy ! Made fresh to order , the only downside is the wait time through the drive thru .
I always have a positive experience here . Coffee is good . I usually stay simple and order an americano . Also , and perhaps most importantly : They do a nice chocolate soufflé .
Undefeated store in Vegas is dope . . . many shoe selections . They got fresh gear . . . when you purchase something ask for stickers
A bit more expensive than I would like but the pizza is always fast and delicious . Kind of a thin crust New York style pizza if I had to characterize it .
croissants were perfect , delicious sandwiches , really sparse menu , had the Cuban and wife had the cajun chicken . great location , hip , quirky , very pleasant service .
Jun ' s Is a very good restaurant . They had very good food , that was well priced . The server was very kind and quick to sit us down and take our order .
Very friendly and relaxing establishment Great Service you will be happy inside or outside . Lunch or Dinners . You can ' t go wrong either way .
My introduction to poutine . My love of all things pork led me to their " Triple Pork Poutine " . Say no more . Really enjoyed it but too filling for me at 11am !
Incredible traditional taste with a twist of contemporaries and the ambiance was lovely
I came here in February due to something on my face . I got to see Dr Heather Patz . I have since been there twice & love it . Now my fiancé goes .
Always friendly and do a great job ! Never any wait and very reasonable prices . Great location in Uptown Charlotte .
best chicken satay , best thai BBQ chicken in town . great price . fried rice is too sweet .
Came for a happy hour drinking spot . Good beer variety and that is the reason for my grade . Food was ok . Had the wings and they were breaded and not overly spicy unfortunately .
Stopped here on a whim and found the cannoli to be delicious . It was made / filled while I waited . I will certainly stop by again !
La meilleure place ou trouver ses bagels à montreal ! ! !
the boho salad is amazing . I really want to try the soup now !
Best hot dog in the Valley ! They charbroil your dog right in front of you , offer a variety of fresh condiments , and consistently have good crispy fries .
I ' ve been here twice the first time the lady I had was ok and the second time I had a man he was very efficient and quick he made me feel At ease
Definitely a favorite in my book . Pizza is always spot on New York style pizza . Need I say anything more ?
Their grilled chicken sandwich was fresh and tasty , however they are a little bit stingy on the meat - not much in there .
Awesomely warm and delicious authentic pho . We loved it . First time . Friendly and helpful . Beef was super tasting
Bartender was great as where the margaritas ! Had a few appetizers , we really liked the smoked chicken quesadilla . Busy spot so make reservations or hope for a spot at the bar .
Good Mediterranean option especially since there aren ' t many options in this area for that . I love their manakeesh and platter options . The one thing is that their service is slow .
Good food , close to my house . THey nickel and dime you to death though lol Charge you for extra sauce , substituting items etc .
Been there many times . Restaurants are a little overpriced . Clean , nice and kind staff . Have been there three times . Will go again .
This place is always hopping ! Friendly staff and nice machines . We stopped using our on site laundry because this is cheaper and no silly cash cards !
Not a bad place for an inexpensive haircut when the hubby is in a pinch and his favorite sports clips is closed ! ! ! This is what we do for date night ! ! ! : - )
Fun restaurant . Good food . Good service . Salmon ( middle wasn ' t cooked through ) , beet salad , asparagus and fries . I ' d eat here again .
Been coming here for 20 years and the food is always great ! Prices have gone up quite a bit but the food is still good and the service is always good .
Doesn ' t look like much frim the outside . The gumbo is pretty good and the shrimp po ' boy is delicious . Atmosphere is nice as well . Server was prompt and knowledgable .
Pretty good food and atmosphere . They have an amazing beef carapacio and my favorite is the grilled squid !
It is a great place for a good burger . I like the new sauces they have for the bottomless fries as well .
Loved this place . Burgers are awesome . Especially with the baked potato fries . Loved sitting outside . Great family place .
Had a great time at Champions Sports Bar . They have Yukon Jack and the bartender knows how to make an excellent Snakebite .
The food is above average . I really like their hamburger buns . They are made for egg . The meat here cooked well and flavored nicely . Vanilla shake is excellent . On overall great hamburger joint
AmaZing night at this place slept with the softest pillows and the new atmosphere was delightful breakfast was amazing for a hotel they should all have that included thanks to an amazing staff
Very reasonable food for a quick meal during a crowded conference and event . Prices are normal and service is relatively good .
Initial experience is very good and they just opened lasted week . The 2 men that run the place are very nice and knowledgeable . The interior of the restaurant is gorgeous very well done !
Good food , great atmosphere and service . We had a party of 10 with kids and were well taken care of . Huge beer selection .
Pricing is very good ! Extremely low prices for high quality sushi . Food is excellent but service is a bit slow . If you are in a hurry for a work lunch could get stressful .
This location is a good example of how a Red Lobster should be . The food was good and the service was outstanding . Not an upscale seafood restaurant , but great for a seafood fix .
Great service , burger was a little burnt but tasty ! Great spot for watching sports with a projector and a half dozen TVs
2 of the best hair stylists in the east valley , J & Sarah .
Great options but a bit pricey . Staff is always pleasant and they serve you stuff off menu upon request .
Love their pizza ! The eggplant parm is the best I ' ve ever had . Kid friendly and nice staff .
I really enjoyed this quiet place . The Pat Tai was excellent , not too hot , but just the right amount of kick .
had Thai for the first time ! good stuff had the basil . . although I thought it would be a chicken breast lol . . very good thou
Pesto was super fresh and the ciabatta bread was how it should be , soft yet crunchy . Try the Onion soup ; delicious and surprisingly vegetarian !
Tortillas on fleek . Price is right . Whatever orange stuff is in the bottles is good . Go to there .
Ox Tail Pho and BBH . . . . Gahhhhhhhh . . .
Really good tacos at a very reasonable price , carne asada tacos were amazing and the fish taco was really good
Neat food options . Fun atmosphere . Great beer and drinks . Pick up some merchandise .
My girlfriend and I tried this place based upon the reviews of a coworker . It was quite good . If you are in the mood for Asian cuisine , I would definitely recommend it .
We love this sushi place ! They have the best cucumber salad in town and great happy hour prices and selection . Try the Las Vegas roll - - so good !
I was here during the summer and let me tell ya , this place gets WARM ! Go in the winter , during the week !
Had your typical scoop of ice cream on a cone - it was delicious ! They are very generous with their scoops and have friendly service !
Hands down the best Mexican food in Charlotte . Service was great everything . Try the Guacamole it is to die for . You may want to make a reservation this place packs in the people . .
By far my favorite taco spot . Not the place to go for authentic Mexican but , it hits the spot of you ' re craving a taste of California .
Very interesting tacos I expected to taste Kim chi for the slaw but it was more of a slaw fries were great
Great service and the best BLT & A I ' ve ever had ! I will most definitely be coming back on a regular basis !
Great drinks and great service . . . the lobster ceviche and the short ribs were excellent . The spicy jerk crab was really disappointing .
The Espetada was fantastic . The wait staff was very friendly and made several helpful recommendations . The atmosphere was very family friendly .
Ate here last evening and had the lamb shank on the restaurant week menu - fabulous ! Also the sommelier did a great job with the wine pairings .
Despite the basement location , the interior is nice , as was the service . I had the Ma Po tofu lunch special and it was appropriately spicy and very tasty . I will definitely return .
Good food . Excellent service . Ramens are very tasty . And the black cod is to die for . Will come back just for that .
This joint is a hood classic ! ! . . . reminiscent of the old original S & S on pecos & lv blvd , best fingers & wings in town . . . # checkmate
Been here many times . The pizza is consistently good - whether dine in or take out . Service is sometimes good and sometimes so - so . You will not be disappointed by the food .
Taste distinctive cooking Excellent service workers Very clean restaurant and bathroom
We had to wait five minutes to get seated but apart from that we had a great evening with fantastic BBQ .
Food is pretty good ! The price is $ $ . Good for family dinner and happy hour ! Lobster pho is not bad . If the price is $ 30 will be better !
Great food and atmosphere , tap water isn ' t filtered , so have to get Pellegrino , but I like this place for business lunches or a nice dinner out downtown .
Breadsticks aren ' t Fazolis but I ' m deeply in love with their chicken parmasean and the chicken dumpling soup . . OMG I ' m in heaven .
Excellent shrimp and grits , great beer selection , nice ambiance for a small group . Lots of great new competition , but Blue Hound holds its own .
Great bar staff - slow hookah service . . They are both run by two different organization under the same roof ! !
I have been very happy with soups orders from Nams . However , the chicken general Tao is disappointing . It has no meat inside it seem just skin or batter .
20年程前にロサンゼルス在住の友達に教えてもらい、その後どの都市に行っても探して買い物に行ってます。 ともかく時間の許す限り端から端まで探してみると驚くほど安く、日本では手に入らないような物も見つける事ができます。 いつもレジが混んでる印象がありますが、並ぶ価値あります。 これからもどの都市に行ってもまず探して買い物に行くと思います。
Pros : Awesome hot dogs Draft beers Friendly service Hip decor Nice location Cons : None
Delicious chopped pork ! Loved that they paired it with pickled onions and whole - seed mustard ! Good atmosphere and friendly people ! !
Food is good . But hate sometimes when they say no more service at lunch times . Timings should be extended especially on week ends !
- Nice atmosphere - Weekend waiting time . . approximately 40 minutes - Service - good - Food - above average - Overall - I would love to visit again with reversation
Service was good , desserts were sweet but not overly sweet , the drink I had looked good but it wasn ' t that great tasted like plain soda water .
Quite possibly the French Onion soup I ' ve ever had ! . . . . Ruben was less to be desired . . . Bread to meat ratio is very bad
Classic atmosphere . Take out only . I feel like I ' m at a food cart in the Caribbean . Food was good and the people were very kind . Love the fried plantains !
Great location and wonderful coffee ! ! The atmosphere was also relaxed and a good place to hang out with friends or get some work done . Enjoy it ! !
Excellent food ! Margaritas delicious ! Servers very attentive and informative . Nice atmosphere ! Loved chips and guacamole made table side
I would give them five stars , and the old location definitely deserves five . However the table setup at the new location is cramped , service is mediocre , and we wait longer for our food now .
Food is good here the service is great and it is always busy . This place is a staple and a good place to eat .
Love this place . the atmosphere was rather chill and calm . We played Uno , and drank pretty darn good coffee ! we had a lemon cookie , which was . . . JUST RIGHT !
Great tacos . To bad it ' s a small place . There was no table to dine in . . but the tacos they were delicious . .
Great dinner special . Prime Rib for $ 9 . 99 or get the 16 oz for 14 . 99 . Eat here often . Sometimes the overlook it so check it before you dig in .
BIG FAN ! I really enjoyed the variety of food , I usually get a few app ' s before dinner because I love to try a bite of everything . Great drink deals too !
We love that each booth has its own television . Good food . Great service . Perfect neighborhood joint !
Maaaaaan all locals know about that hamburger hut . If you want good food at great price this is the place for you .
Fry Bread was good . Little too much lettuce . I ' ll know better for next time . Fruitfrescas were amazing . I ' m sure we will be back .
Solid tacos for sure . Barbacoa is awesome ! Tacos are pretty generous for the price and the beans are great . Carne asada is a simple seasoning but delicious .
There are multiple drs . . one is horrible arrogant and rude but one is excellent . . . kind caring efficient . . the best dr is dr kim . . request him if you can .
Ambience was awesome 5 stars ! Food was 3 . 75 and service was 5 stars ! ! Only con was my prawns was too soggy for my liking . Great place def . recommend it .
Seriously succulent gyro meat , fabulous home made pitas . Great prices , too ! Service is slow but friendly . Definitely going back ! !
Very flavorful butter chicken curry and the chicken itself was very tender . The garlic naan was good as well .
Great 100 % organic ingredients . Watermelon mint detox was delicious . Will surely come back when in the area .
Great vegan / vegetarian selection ! Great to be able to have options . Also possibly the best chips and salsa I ' ve ever had .
Good food . Good happy hour . I think what I like best about the place is the service . Bartenders and waitstaff are always great .
They have now introduced 3 different flatbreads to the buffet and that raises this to 4 stars .
Rad spot . Pulled pork , smoked wings , and cornbread , and sauces were great . Brisket was okay . Solid beer menu . Good service and good prices . Eat here !
I really enjoyed this hot pot . Ate like 6 plates of lamb with the spicy soup and seafood soup . Service was actually excellent ! No complaints .
The workers here are really hip . The go with the flow even on weekend nights when the hours are the busiest . Great place to meet up with friends and have a good time .
All I can say is the 4 of us liked it . . . loved the crispy bacon . . . great service too . . .
Good food , good ambiance . . . . love that they cook it for us , love their green tea ice cream , yummmm
They just had a 2 - hour limit to sit huhu . But it was good . Had their icecream and some hot drinks . Wasn ' t that bad . it was just far .
Never had a bad meal here . Always a great place to eat . I wish they would bring back the jalapeño , sausage gravy . That was delicious .
Gabriel our bartender is awesome . . food always amazing . . we always stop by when we are close . Southern Hospitality and the Sweet Caroline ate great @ ! Amazing fresh waffles and chicken ! @
Enjoyed the need beef and pepper steak . Perfect ratio of need to peppers . Fast service and my Meal was uninterrupted .
Great prices , compared it with Sears , Costco , and Sam ' s . Discount Tire won !
Great vegetarian rice ! Kind and friendly service : ) ) ) We usually do takeout which is great .
YUMMY burgers and GREAT onion rings ! ! Only thing I did not like about this place is how close everything is together .
Finally a bar in Phoenix that understand mixology ! Great drinks ! Bar staff is friendly and atmosphere is great !
Very helpful and nice staff . informative and not pushy . will come back for my hair and nail needs !
Great yarn selection , only thing is not too many sales associates to help with questions . This is my go - to place whenever I want to do any kind of crafts .
Yummy dan dan soup ! Spicy but good on a cold day . Cute interior and welcoming service ( :
A great place for one of the biggest Indian buffets in Phoenix . Clean and calm place with great service and a nice balance between veg , non - veg , south & North .
The customer service was awesome . The lady was so nice . I ordered a chicken carbonara and that really hit the spot . Very fresh , nicely toasted , and warm . A great location .
Whole in da wall . . . but very polite and they know what to do . . . will be coming back . . . . thx girls u guys were great
I love modo yoga . Have flexible class schedules , bathroom & showers are always very clean . Everyone is always so kind & helpful .
Went with the Cinnamon toast crunch after sampling others , kinda annoyed by the loud boom box they leave on the street . Staffer was hilariously watching Netflix the 3 times we passed by .
I had the pulled pork sandwich which was very good quality . It was a busy place for a Wednesday night , but service was friendly and prompt .
Really friendly fast service . Very good at explaining what exactly was wrong with my car and how they would repair it . They stand behind their work with excellent warranties .
It seems many of the opening kinks have been worked out . Food is similar but service has improved greatly . Will return .
Régis est l ' adorable et affable coproprio qui vous réserve un accueil des plus surprenants . Excellentes omelettes et bon café .
I go there for the the resturant , decent place and the prime rib dinner is a great deal and worth it . Our server was very pleasant .
While the food wasn ' t what I am used to when it comes to Greek food , the restaurant was very nice , clean and the service was amazing
Go with the burrito bowls and you won ' t be sorry Add a few college student priced margaritas to make it a meal .
Great Soul Food - Daily Specials that do run out fast . Check them on their facebook page . Very reasonably priced ! http : / / www . facebook . com / LEOSKITCHEN1 ? sk = wall
Sadly , this place is closed . I think it was the location , I ' m not sure how much of a crowd the lincoln square mall draws .
Was outstanding ! Superb and the wait staff over the top ! The food was excellent will recommend and be back !
This place I believe has one of the best bun bo hue in the east valley thanks to my friend for introducing me to this place .
Always crowded , but well worth it . I love their food - best burgers out there .
Excellent service , good food and outdoor seating where you can watch the bellagio fountains . Band was excellent too !
I always stop here whenever I ' m in Vegas . Food is good but pricey . I luv the side dishes that comes with our meals .
Great service . Very friendly staff . I took one star off for no change table in the men ' s bathroom .
Good food . A bit pricey but the atmosphere makes up for it . Service good . Very attentive wait staff . We have been there several times
Besides the perverted men trying to give you fliers to strip clubs , the Vegas Strip is gorgeous . There ' s something in every corner . I can never get tired of the city that never sleeps .
Great staff , great drinks and perfect brunch ! I love the patio area with the games . It ' s a perfect spot for a group . If you do brunch , get the enchiladas ! !
Buffet here is great . Lot of items that we can ' t even try all of them . Should improve on the spice level .
Bon , frais et authentique . C ' est de la bonne cuisine thai . Tenu par des thaïlandais ( c ' est important : D )
Bel emplacement mais peu de service . Excellent endroit situé au coeur du Parc Lafontaine , l ' hiver en patin pour un chocolat chaud ou l ' été pour une bière ou manger une salade .
I really enjoyed my treatment . I went on my sister ' s request and I really enjoyed the relaxation . I just wish they were closer to where I live .
