okay ambience . worst sangria of my life . service is great . they have a really nice patio you have to check out !
We had to wait forever and the pizza wasn ' t good . I went with 5 other people and none of us liked our food .
This is not the best pho in the Valley . I hate to write a poor review of a business but don ' t get your hopes up if you ' re a pho enthusiast .
How you goin to get rid of the stuff quesadilla wtf get the fuck out of here that ' s the best fuckin thing on menu fuck
That was not a real latte . It was fade , full of foam like a cappuccino , it ' s like they didn ' t know the difference between both of them . i was quite disapointed .
This place is Understaffed . All the chairs were occupied in the waiting room . It took almost 2 hrs to get routine bloodwork done .
Service was so so bad . Only good thing was the brisket . $ 26 . 95 and didn ' t even come with ice cream . . .
今回の旅行で一番最悪なホテルでした。 まず、チェックイン時にチェックイン機を使って手続きをしていたのですが、カードが読み取れず何度もやり直しているのに、スタッフはじーっと横で見てるだけ、カードが通らないのだけど相談すると「反対なんじゃない？」と一言。嫌々、間違ってないし ( 念の為反対でもトライした ) また何度もやり直し、これは絶対おかしいと思いもう一度確認「日本のは使えない」ってまた一言。何それ？！ 結局無駄な時間を過ごしカウンターでのチェックインに、カウンターで自分達の順番になったと思ったら、スタッフが「今無理待って」と、パソコンみながら何やらイライラしながら作業し始め、結局数分待たされた挙句に別のスタッフに回され、やっとチェックイン そのスタッフは丁寧でしたが、なんとも嫌な気持ちで部屋に向かうことに 部屋は、2部屋中の1部屋が煙草の臭いが凄く、頭が痛くなるレベル 部屋が古いことはわかっていましたが、うん、本当古い。勿論テレビ以外何もありません ( わかってはいたけど ) もう、テンション下がりまくり、ここに2泊、間違った選択でした。 因みに、カウンター横の売店の水は高く、確か＄6位、それだけなら良いけど店員は横柄な態度で最悪。 良かったのは、立地‼ 本当これだけです！ もう絶対に泊まりません。 こんなにスタッフの教育がなっていないホテルは初めて、ある意味良い勉強になりました。
I waited quite a while for my food to come . And the food was below average . I could ' ve just go to Mcdonalds rather than spending $ 30 for nonexistent service and the long wait .
Food is 3 stars . But when i got the bill，the waiter compelled me to pay for 17 % tip . （The sevice is just 3 stats）It ' s awful！
Avoid this place . unorganized is an under statement made an appointment a week in advance after an hour still waiting to get in . Absolutely ridiculous , places like this should never be running behind .
I got some sushi from here and it was horrible ! ! It was filled with little fish bones throughout the entire two rolls I purchased ! ! Don ' t bother buying sushi from here ! !
When they get very busy they start getting sloppy and only seam to care for the ones that only have appointments .
Congratulations to the plaza for having the hardest most uncomfortable mattresses in all the land !
No soda water ? This place used to be great now they have lower end alcohol and mediocre drinks . Stop posing as Italian , be who you were born to be !
I think this place has closed . No cars there for the last few days and their phone number doesn ' t seem to work anymore .
I only ordered from here because my regular chinese delivery was closed . My fried rice was burnt and dry and hot and sour soup was cold . Won ' t order again .
Drive thru botched order by not including straws or dipping sauces . Does that warrant a one - star ? I dunno , it ' s just stoopid .
Was dirty . Many flies flying around our food . Salad bar was right in front of a window 90 + degree weather . Coleslaw was very warm . Restaurant is not for me .
Intentionally miss pick up and double charge . Worst company yet . Need to switch asap .
Well so everyone else knows , call before you go here because they sometimes they close their whole restaurant for private parties . Guess this is just a downside of being a popular place .
I stopped here today and sometimes you eat something and immediately regret it . . . . well that happened today there were hard things in it . . . gristle or something oh well live and learn
The hamburger was ok but not well seasoned . . . tasted bland even with the condiments . The fries were average . Way over priced though .
This people its very bad customer service in special the lady speak Spanish . . and the manager too .
Not good at all steak tacos burnt and even the kids did not like it ahi tuna is fishy
I can usually eat Wendy ' s , but this location ' s chicken sandwiches are very dry and the fries were cold . Wasn ' t to impressed . I won ' t be back .
Dined at the teppanyaki table , way over price for what you get . Service is bad , don ' t bother .
Good service . But this place is highly over rated and over priced .
Very disappointed . Servant doesn ' t speak English well and service is awful . Will not come again .
Chase credit cards no longer provides e - bills to other banks . This makes online bill pay a lot of work .
Boring place and bad service . The burgers come on regular bread . The fries suck , the menu is boring except the Lemon Creme Mussels . Not coming back anymore
Pop corn chicken was a fail . No basil leaves were added at all . Tastes like regular fried chicken .
Again they got our order wrong . If there is one thing that is guaranteed it is this place will get your order wrong 50 % of the time . lol watch out .
Why is this place so popular ? Bad coffee and below average food .
Picked up a beef fajita burrito at the drive thru . Long strips of " meat " that was mostly connective tissue and completely unchewable . I ' ve never had beef fajitas like this , very disappointed .
Hours are wrong on Yelp . Closes an hour earlier then it says . Lame to drive all the way there as Yelp says it ' s the only open taqueria to be turned away .
Disappointing . Drinks can taste the powder and waffles are way too thick . Not recommended .
I went with some friends for Peking duck . I would say the service wasn ' t very good . The staff wasn ' t the nicest and the food was very mediocre .
New location , bad chain like interior , really loud . Same average food and poor service attitude . Sad they lost all the character of the old place with only a new interior in exchange .
After 10 : 00 PM it turns to 21 + for seating anywhere in the restaurant . Steak and eggs no more . Adios Arizona Charlie ' s . . .
Read wonderful reviews on Yelp . Placed reservation on Open Table . Received confirmation . Arrived at restaurant on time . Restaurant closed ! ! ? ! Now sure why . . .
I ordered a # 2 pork roll sandwich . I nearly chipped / broke my tooth biting into it . Sandwich was hard as a rock . Very disappointing compared to California ' s lee sandwiches .
Ordered a pizza to a nearby hotel and they never delivered it and charged my card . . . Not sure what kind of scam they have going on . Beware of this place .
The funnel cake was great however the sullen teenage server provided terrible service !
Horrendous experience . Food was lousy . Service was worse . Everyone needs a good talking to .
Just had the General Tso right out of the kitchen . Did not taste good , over priced , short size on the portion . Egg roll was ok .
Was not opened when we got there . Claimed to open at 12 noon while they tried to get the air conditioning to work .
Horrible rooms . Front desk takes over an hour to get checked in . Not worth it with all the properties in Vegas .
Ordered the french toast and eggs . It was gross . The eggs were watery and there were barely any berries on the french toast . French toast was dry and bland . Will never come back again .
How do I give it less than 1 star . Menu is vague , and service was atrocious . Left after not getting water for 15 minutes . Yelp me out here and shut em down .
If you want inattentive service bland food under coined pasta over charging then please visit this Oregano ' s
Mal servicio supet caro y bien mal servido . Pedi una mulita me la dieron fria y mas bien parecia taco yni guacamole le pusieron . No vayan a comet alli .
Pho broth was bland . It was just eh . I have had better . Service was good though and people were nice .
Food good , prices ridiculous ! Burger w / sweet potato fries and 1 hi - ball drink were $ 32 before tip ! ! ! No burger is that good .
They have cut the chicken parm potion in half for the same price ! Chicken was also very rubbery tonight for the first time but they did the right thing and took it off the bill .
The worst slowest pharmacy . There be two people and they act like they are slammed busy moving with turtle speed .
I came to South Park Mall with my boy expecting a great time . They had a lot of nice stores to choose from but to my surprise , NO BITCHES . 2 thumbs down . Would NOT recommend
Food is ok not that great compared . . . but service is too bad . . you cant imagine how slow and how unresponsive it is . Even food is ok service is bad so 1 star
No bueno . Lousy service . Poor interpretation of " Mexican " food . My date got food poisoning . . . . enough said .
They don ' t do varicose veins , only spider veins . One leg costs $ 200 plus GST . They are not doctors .
Not first or second time more than four times I experienced bad service from drive thru ! They need to give proper training for the workers ! ! Zero tolerance customer service ! !
Food is very good ! Service is the worst of the worst ! Servers everywhere but no one to direct them to do their jobs . Servers do not smile . . .
Same starbucks as any other , but the prices are way higher . Ridiculous pricing , doesnt worth it .
food taste bad and unfresh , still charge $ 10 for the leftover . i will never go there again
* sighs * bad poke . This is the first . I am sure it ' s an isolated incident . Have been donating blood for 5 years and this is the first
I never post . But this place was well below expectations . Flat Beer . Cold Fries . Burger underwhelming . Only redeeming part was my great company . Don ' t go here
Went there for dinner with business associates . The food was terrible and the service was crap . If you need a restaurant in TI , go to Asle instead .
Was there yesterday buffet lunch . First impression was the food was the day before s . I was so right . The only fresh was the roti . I cannot see myself there again .
Hmmmm . . . . looking at my reviews I noticed this was all wrong so here ' s my update . I ' m so sorry if I misled any patrons that ended up not happy .
Ordered the vegan fish tacos , they were sloppily made and set me back $ 17 . Was really hoping to like this place but this was a bummer . Would not recommend .
One of the worst hotels my family and I have ever stayed in . Crusty sheets . Paper thin walls . Crappy pool . Monumental waste of money .
Absolutely rude service and only half the hotel is renovated ! Worst stay ever ! ! ! !
Got a burger with spring rolls for lunch on Monday , spent all Monday evening being sick and am still recovering from food poisoning . I am NOT a happy camper .
The staff here is extremely rude . They called one of their servers as being mentally ill and said she was homeless while she was cleaning up the tables .
The taste is not too bad but the amount of meat is so small eventhough high pruce and thickness of meat is so thin layered . I will not go this restaurant again .
I was greatly disappointed given the 4 stars when we went there tonight for happy hour . The 4 items we ordered as recommended by our server were unimpressive .
Simply put . Terrible . 3 : 30PM 11 . 7 . 15 . . . . . . . Didn ' t like anything I sampled . Sorry .
Overpriced , no healthy side options , and meh , food . Skip it .
The southwest flatbread has a really bad sweet taste to it , otherwise it probably would have been alright . The chili soup wasn ' t hot . At least the apple was alright .
Really wanted to like this place , but our burger was VERY dry : ( On another note , Salad was good !
Clutter shop furniture on top of furniture . Picked up cushion lollipop stuck to it ! Sales help follows you . Annoying & not helpful .
Unfortunately it was a bad experience the clerk there was really rude and hated being bothered when one would ask her a question .
Ordered appetizers and drinks . App ' s were low quality and not worth finishing . Left for another nearby restaurant and managed to salvage the evening .
Waitress was not very nice , even slightly rude . Food presentation was awful , no seasoning and tasteless and portion sizes were just ok . Falafel was dry and tasted several days old . Never again .
It took more than 2 hours to get my food delivered to the Palazzo . The sour soup tasted very fishy and bland while the shrimp was burnt . I would not recommend this place .
Under noooooo circumstances should you stay here . This is a Le Meridien that feels almost as good as a Red Roof Inn . Ridiculous . Holes in sheets and towels . No housekeeping . Worst experience EVER
I normally write a long review . Today , I will keep it short . Worst chili ever . Heavy handed with the salt . Stay away from it !
For the price point , good food but disappointing portion sizes . Specialty tea selection was clearly stale ( dragonwell ) and past its " serve - by " date . Unlikely to return .
The air conditioning is off at this store , most be closing down soon like the rest of Sears . Horrible store , stay away .
Way overpriced . Good quality juices but nothing that makes me not want to get juices from Pressed Juicery for half the price .
Very average food for the price . I can get better sushi at Journey all you can eat restaurant .
Ran out of water . Ran out of the bottomless chips . Server never came back , bartender had to track her down so I could pay . Totally forgot about me . Won ' t be back .
Decent selection . Above average produce . Very long lines during rush hour
Hideous ! The best part was the 22oz Dos Equis . The plates were bigger than our heads and completely devoid of flavor . Definitely a no go ever again .
Still very slow service . And my omelet had a few stray mushrooms in it . If you have 90 minutes to kill over a meal then eat here .
Long lines and just one person check the people out . Be ready to wait 30 minutes on the line if you go there . I will never go there again .
do not live here ! ive been here 2 years - horrible horrible maintenance . look somewhere else . runnnnnn .
Waited five minutes for someone to come up to tell us they closed five minutes earlier . AFTER READING REVIEWS , I AM GLAD WE PASSED .
Tourist trap . My burrito bowl was a gross ground beef on top of crappy iceberg lettuce and other low quality ingredients .
While the sushi I had was great , I can ' t in good conscience recommend this place . They sell bluefin tuna which is highly endangered .
Beautiful showroom , very friendly receptionist , just don ' t bother Gavin the sales manager . His time is far more valuable than yours .
Arrived after theatre with live band playing . Dance beat music but no dance floor and too loud to possibly speak amongst our selves . Took our meal to go . Not that special .
Went through the drive thru last night , Freddie had the worst customer service , you work there because you chose too ! Quit if you can ' t work it ! Ever going there late anymore !
Reasonable selection but unbelievably poor service , particularly in shoes . Moved to Scottsdale four years ago , and have found the service at the Scottsdale Macys to be suprisingly poor every time we stop in .
In 3 words : Not worth it . The patties were store bought and the price , outlandish considering . Honestly , you may as well go across the street to the 5 Guys .
very small and you could tell a lot of the people there were under aged
$ 60 + arrangement looked absolutely nothing like what was ordered . Cheap supermarket bouquets look better . Recipient was disappointed as well .
Rude customer service ! ! ! Don ' t try to work with this company . They are a rip off ! ! They don ' t know what customer service means .
We normally go here for a quick happy hour . Today is was a SAD HOUR ! ! ! Service sucked and they ran out of the chicken wing special ! ! ! Lololol !
I ' m not sure how much cooking goes on there . My fajitas , all $ 22 worth , appeared to be warmed up from a vacuum sealed plastic bag . The picture is worth a 1000 words
Close at 9pm ! ! Beware of the " Fall " hours that started in August . They are closed at 9pm . Yelp and the window sign says 10pm . Fail
We drove 30 minutes to this store to get some hiking boots and arrived 15 minutes before closing only to find that the store closed early for no reason . Very disappointed . I would avoid this store .
This place is awful . Their lettuce for the salads is old and brown and their sandwiches taste stale . There are so many other options in the area . Any of them are better than this place .
The one star is for the cofee . Didnt like their breakfast . I wven found an egg shell in my plate .
Not really anything to like about this restaurant . Awkwardly large with a bizarre menu and poor food quality .
Salsa was ok & the fish tacos . . . horrible . Tasted like the fish was bad . There is such a gr8 selection of Mexican restaurants , try a different one .
I got a salad and tomato basil soup . There were literally 2 croutons in my soup and the salad was basically lettuce and some sprinkled parmesan cheese .
Long waiting in line to be check in ( over one hrs , ) room on picture look nice but in reality not the same .
bad location . Dirty dishes . Poorly cooked food . Wouldn ' t recommend anyone to eat here , id choose iHOP down the street . And I hate IHOP lol .
I ' m not a meat person but they put almost NO meat on this bread sandwich . Why even bother when Subway is right down the street ?
I go here as a last resort . They ' re expensive and don ' t carry many common grocery items . I ' ll stick to frys and sprouts .
Would give zero stars if possible . Horrible customer service and mediocre results . If you have the opportunity to go somewhere else , do it .
I think USPS needs to be aware of the many ' claims ' customers are being requested to make . Mail fraud ? M
Steak house always impedes traffic on the left turn lane . They should sort out their loading zone .
The server tricked us getting Nachos making us think it was free . It turned out to be $ 8 . 5 + tax + tips , not cool ! !
Not clean . Don ' t go . I got an infection day after on my big toe . I saw the nail tech washing her own feet in one while I was drying my toes .
Service was terrible , was ignored 3 times by the waitress , food was ok , price was descent .
Hole in the wall with no selection and the staff is crabby to boot ! I try to avoid this location when possible .
Overpriced , over rated . The burger wasn ' t good , the fries were limp . I will never go back . In - n - out for me . . .
My dog eats better food than this crap . Glad I spent a ton on this awful lunch . Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else .
Unpleasant , rude customer service , drive - thru sucks , Long waiting time , not recommended location for people in rush .
This place is dirty and stuff is dirty . I recommend to everyone not to come here . I don ' t understand why is this place so full all the time food is bad .
The last three times we have gone there , the bagel selections were very limited . The primary business is bagels and coffee . Very disappointed each time ! ! This is at 10am !
Literally my sister and I have both bought food here that smelt / tasted like it came from gasoline I didn ' t know if I was gonna get food poisoning or not
This place isn ' t even open 24 / 7 went in and stood in line and these cleaners were cleaning the kitchen
I went there once , nothing special . I think Soup and Noodles across the street really kills their business .
Crap , just went today for lunch and ask for lamb biryani . They gave me bunch of rice and almost no meat . I had to throw it away and go somewhere else to eat .
* ordered a PLAIN burger * got a burger with onions and pickles instead Which part of the phrase " plain burger " is so hard to understand ? What a shame .
Extremely high turnover of employees . If you like you massage therapist , get their number as they ' ll be gone by your next appointment !
Meh . Food was good . Service was utterly confused . At first I thought it was because we were such a large group , but same issues as the other reviews .
Should be called crappys . So disappointed in food and its cost . The area and patio earned these 2 stars . .
Was there for lunch today . Floor service = clueless . Food service = really slow . Unfortunately I had to leave without having any food .
Popeyes is a classic . Delicious fried spicy goodness . But come on people . We all know why this place deserves a 2 star rating . We just know .
Not very good food , General Tao is hard , no actual chicken ; just batter , but is the only option in the area if looking for Asian ( Canadian ) inspired food .
We come here a few times a month . Service is always good and food is what you would expect . Tonite we placed our order and waited 63 minutes for our food . Absolutely rediculous .
Ate here for the first ( & last ) time . Bathroom was disgusting . Told the counter person , who went & looked , & returned w excuses for why it should look like that . YUK
Breakfast sandwiches are always sloppy and poorly made . I stopped going for quite a while hoping they would improve , but sadly they have not . And they have slow service .
called many times and left 2 vm never heard from them / her . weekdays or weekends wont return calls .
Bad service and waitresses unable to do math . Manager and owner unresponsive to all emails and complaints
Ate there once on a friends recommendation . The place was pretty expensive and just not very good . Generic food court food .
Don ' t use them , worst customer service ever . Came on time but the two workers would t open the door .
Disappointed with the crepe , there wasn ' t that much nuteLLa : ( Got the strawberry banana nuteLLa ! The matcha slush is good though , and the boba is aLways fresh .
Event coordinator was very snarky to wedding vendors working an event there .
DO NOT GO TO IDEAL IMAGE . I was severely burned ! I have permanent hypo and hyper - pigmentation ! My dermatologist said she has never seen such bad burns on such large areas !
Water flowing out of soft drink machine from back up of sewer line . You can smell it . This will be my last to me here . What has happened to McDonald ' s
Nice looking clean place inside . Food was not great . Taco shells were store bought . Tortillas didn ' t seem very fresh .
I ' m sorry to say but Bob Bradley passed away and this business is closed
Atmosphere is great , but the food is typical . The cost to quality is not good with regards to the food , however the beers are great .
This car wash need some serious service several bays out of order lost two dollars and two different vacuums very disappointing . No attendant on duty of course
No Frills brand Chicken Nuggets passed off as " boneless wings " are you kidding me ? The pizza itself was fine but the nuggets and my half full box of wedges made this a terrible experience .
The rooms are run down and are in need of remodeling . We were treated very poorly by the Shuttle driver . Both ways on a function we were promised a ride to .
I really don ' t like this place . I had a burger with way too much fancy stuff . I think I had an onion focacia bun and it just sucked . Overpriced and not good .
Not good at all ! ! ! ! Very , very overpriced , do yourself a favor and go to waffle house
How our pizza came from delivery $ 22 order to have it delivered looking like it fell on the floor board
burrito here is the worst i have had . . . small and a little pricey . coming from california , im use to real impressive burrito = (
The guy working behind the counter was eating his own ice cream . Hasn ' t cleaned the tables and floors . Super dirty !
Come on . . . it ' s Scottsdale can you at least have real cranberry juice ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? For my cocktail ? ? ? I would certainly pay a little extra
I have had several mishaps with mail recently ! Apparently other neighbors have had same problem ! Please try to improve your service
They were out of burgers . Half their beer selection was out . The staff was standing near the door smoking . 1st and last visit . Appears to be going under .
Paid over $ 9 for a 12oz very bland matcha latte . Didn ' t even finish it . The cup was half filled with ice to boot . I make better Matcha at home .
Poor customer service . Do not hold to their quote . Techs who come out don ' t know pricing , neither does the office person answering the phone .
Rude , inconsiderate owners who have no business dealing with the public .
If you enjoy being ignored by the bar tender and " accidentally " charged full price for the special over and over , then this bar is for you !
Worst customer service reps I have ever dealt with . They ' re rude on the phone and on site . About to terminate my membership with them .
The worst customer service . Very impolite . Nobody in this restaurant do not know about customer right .
The ER was completely empty , but I still ended up waiting forever . Plus they billed me 3 separate times , which was very shady . I wish I had read the Yelp reviews before I went .
People here are rude and pizza sucks don ' t go . They don ' t care about customers . Vistancia better without them .
horrible horrible horrible staff us rude food is terrible n drinks are watered down do not go ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Pizza hardly had any cheese , thanks a lot Miranda . The one on Apache is better than this
Amazing food but the take out service is horrible . . . They struggle with orders to go .
There ' s a reason why they have an F rating through the Better Business Bureau . Many negative complaints and one more just added from me
Everything was good til I hurt my tooth biting into a bone that they left in the salmon ! ! I ' m pissed
Giving 2 stars because we are unable to order online . We are 3 . 8 miles and unable to order online . This has caused us to order from Pizza Hut more often .
the food was okay , nothing special and way to overpriced for what it was , only 1 vegetarian option and it didn ' t look to good waitress was very friendly and gave great service
I went for the poutine ( fried , gravy and cheese curds ) but was disappointed . Prices were also on the high side in my opinion .
These guys call themselves a " Southwest " grill yet pulled all their stores out of AZ .
My original review was placed under this theater instead of the new one on Providence Boulevard . I ' ve only stopped by here accidentally when my friend looked up the wrong theater .
Horrible customer service they take there time to even take your order or even get your food out to you drive thru is horrible slow and usually missing parts of your order
Please let sales girls give good customer service . They didn ' t buy it . Deceitful practice is , so outdated . NORDSTROM is customers service , experts . Honesty is always going tocsell .
Security is a joke here and the ride was a horror show if i could put 0 stars i would .
For almost $ 7 the sub was equivalent in size to two Arby ' s sliders and comprised of unchewable corned beef grizzle . The most underwhelming sandwich experience of my life .
I used to eat here all the time but now it has age limit to 21 and over . So i won ' t be coming here no more with my familt .
Worst ever sushi place in Las Vegas and I been to a lot of them . Will never come back to this place ever . Food and service sucks b . . . . ls .
Ordered 4 sandwiches and all were wrong . Every sandwich had pesto and mayo on them . Don ' t waste your time if you want a breakfast sandwich .
Ordered via foodora portions were way too small , ordered brisket cornbread and butter square . Didn ' t get it . Made a claim . Could do alot better for the prices being charged here .
This was my first try of Mediterranean food and wasn ' t impressed . Food seemed old and dry . Maybe because i went near closing time .
Did not like , Know flavor to me on their food , clean inside restaurant , lots of workers
Not sure what reservations are for . Still have to wait to pickup a purchase should be 5 minute s max .
Food is overrated and servers are right out of an old Robert palmer video . Very nice but robotic
It ' s really appetizing to listen to the chef hack lung butter as he is preparing your food .
I had Chicken & Portobello and probably the worst chicken ever . The pasta with chicken was below average . This was our second time at Via Cibo in 3 years and never coming back again .
Absolutely terrible service . The server screwed our order over and we waited for 45 minutes . Got both wrong and didn ' t even care to correct it !
Still the worst most useless loser in the business . Rip off artist . . . Takes a person ' s money and does a lousy job and then ignores messages and rejects phone calls . . .
Avoid this store at all cost . Poor management and poor customer service . Terrible boutique . Horrible attitude . Disrespectful .
Super super super crowded . Like , no room to get around crowded . Employees with gigantic crates all over the place . There has to be a cleaner and more efficient way to run that place .
horrible , horrible . i had bought a book of coupons for washes and they refused to honor . the manager was rude rude rude . i got totally ripped off and was treated rudely .
Very unhappy with the music change and fog every 5 minutes . I have been drinking here for the last 3 years . Hope it gets changed back after this experiment fails .
Terrible . Slow waits for fresh fries they said . Got home . Only filled the box half way . Very annoyed terribke
The food is mediocre and although they say they are open until 9 , the doors were locked at 8 : 35 pm . I would not recommend this place .
First time here . . horrible service , horrible dj . . . don ' t waste your time and just stick to the strip .
Worst Chinese food ever in the US . I even don ' t want to take the left over back . Overpriced and bad taste . Don ' t know how they can still open .
It ' s forcing me to give it 1 star but I would give it zero stars if I could . Poor service , no flavour , took 45 mins to get a glass of water .
Had to wait 30 more minutes for the phoned in pick up order after I arrived at the restaurant 20 minutes after my call . Unacceptable for a burger and a salad .
This place used to be so fun and chill until the management got so uptight about everything and raised the prices from $ 12 to $ 20 . Hours are inconsistent and management is rude af .
Eating here ? One word . Painful The Service is hooooooorrid . Wait forever . The games are fun though
Ummmm this W is definitely slipping . Management please take some responsibility for this hotel . Seriously . I would never come back here .
Placed our delivery order 45 minutes before they closed . Never received our food . Restaurant never answered our calls . I wouldn ' t waste my time with this place .
Dont expect a frontage store . not sure if they work out of their house . Hours posted and no one answered doorbell or phone .
Crazy slow check out . Freaking painful , really . Get some staff with pep in the step already .
The hospital sent me a letter with an apology by certified mail so I ' ll give them one more star for the gesture .
The food was like left overs from other Chinese places and the staff was terrible . Won ' t b back
A manager reached out and apologized for our experienced . He stated he would comp our meal . I responded to him and now nothing . No return email and no credit either . Hmm
They did a great job washing the car , but who wants to wait over an hour to get their car washed . I ' ll find somewhere else next time .
The food quality and service @ the Phoenix location is far more superior than the food quality and service at this Gilbert location . Hope they can get it together ! ! !
Possibly the creepiest convenience store I have ever been to . I mean , it ' s sandwiched between a strip mall and a giant dirt lot .
We leave right down the street from here and come here often but today I did not like our server Kayla . She was so rude to my son !
Think you will conveniently and inexpensively get esthetic services done . Dont bother - My eyebrows are now two rectangles perched above my eyes , they looked better before I walked in . Just don ' t .
Worst Asian restaurant I ever been too . Too expensive for its taste and quantity . I always stay at Stratosphere but I would never ever go to this place . Not recommended to anyone . . ! !
Very pricey for the quality and ambience . Decent portions but plating lacked consistency and menu was nothing memorable . The servers were very nice but felt like this was more in line with an average hotel restaurant .
Our group got food poisoning from eating here . The service was great , but we got so sick afterwards we can never come back . Stay AWAY ! there are many other options for eating in the Venetian
I bought almost $ 200 worth of groceries and other things . I was appalled to learn that the cashier charged me for THREE pet brushes when I only got TWO . Fucking losers ! ! !
Service was really good , but I wasn ' t impressed with the food at all . It was very crowded , people were waiting and standing at my table it was very uncomfortable . Great service though !
Egg drop soup was horrible and bland . Wait staff does not speak adequate English to understand your order , hence they screwed it up . Will not be back .
Amazing food , horrible service . This place has been my favorite Mexican FOOD for about 10 years , but the SERVICE leaves much to be desired .
Great location | Terrible coffee . We stopped in before hopping on the bus , and completely disappointed . Weak and weird tasting .
Wth is this ! ? Where ' s the meat ? I bought the 12pack and they ' re all like this ! ! ! Really ! !
Could only imagine if I was a small child who wasn ' t paying attention and may have choked on it . Do better .
The store is closed , they are only a manufacturing facility now . No long on Ossington Ave .
These guys are CROOKS . they came to the house to fix one problem and fired my system . I ' m being forced to sue them to get my money back .
Will not return . Employees were lazy and praised poor sanitation and hygiene practices . This place is empty for a reason .
Goodbye Crazy . Please try your best to make a good food for the customers . I know you won ' t .
Slow service . One friend did not get his meal till we were finished eating ours . Burger was just ok . Not crazy about the bun .
Inedible . . . simply heinous . . ordered chilaquiles ended up putting a huge chunk of chicken fat in my mouth I had to spit out . . . grossed out
HORRIBLE ! The rice tastes weird and the items we ordered were just mediocre . Not authentic whatsoever . Will not come back here again .
Just horrible from phone service , to sales equipment service , and billing . Just terrible avoid Bennett altogether
When you sit out side it smells like poop . Smh I would never come back again . Why would make people sit out side if you know it smells like poop ? ?
Sound is not so great . To much of an echo . The drinks and beer are ridiculously priced . $ 10 . 00 for a tap beer . Joke !
Food was cold or overcooked , service was slow at the bar with only 2 other patrons . Sad that it wasent better , probably wont go back
Wasn ' t great but wasn ' t disgusting either . Probably won ' t be returning as there are better options in the area
I was the only one at the bar . I had the the most unfriendly bartender / waitress of all time . Such a disappointment ! !
I go to this one all the time . Just spent 9 . 00 on cold fries and a special order that was wrong . Very dissapointed .
Went twice , hated it twice . Pizzas are too salted , food is very average . Ingredients are low quality . Won ' t go back .
Awful . Too expensive for rock and many disgruntled employees . Avoid at all costs . Never showed up on delivery and billing was a nightmare .
Order for takeout , salad used crap lettuce and burnt chicken , not very good . You can get much better food for the amount that paninis is charging .
Was a customer here . . . not anymore . Experienced slow service then when the food arrived the quality was poor including raw chicken . Spoke to the manager and he had an attitude .
Horrid ! ! ! ! No AC , driver drives like an ass and doesn ' t pay attention to where he ' s dropping people off ! Not a great start to Vegas , sadly !
HOT MESS ! Food was " eh " . . . Service was seriously lacking ! Too bad . . . . Owners / Mgmt . nowhere to be seen . . . .
La carne asada esta muy cueruda y los hot dogs parece que le ponen atun con tanta mayonesa que echan
I would give it zero stars if I could . Rude employees , terrible service . Government at its best . This place should not be in business . Terrible !
I went there once about 10am , sat down waited for 15 minutes , no one came , I left . I forgot to mention , I was the only customer there .
Food is ok , service is ok . I didn ' t hate it but I won ' t be back , not worth the money .
Service was awefull . Chicken was dry . Waitress forgot our food twice . Management didn ' t d duct the price of the food that we didn ' t want anymore . I would NOT recommend this place
Service here depends on who you get as a server . The manager ended up comping our entire meal because the service stunk . He also ended up comping several other tables that our server had .
The pharmacy is soooo slow ! ! Please hire more techs !
There was hair in my food I had proof and they refused to get my money back especially since i wasn ' t able to eat my meal very bad for service
Got sick from the fish need i say more . Place went down faster then the titanic it ' s not what it used to be
I enjoyed the lunch soup ( egg drop ) and found the service to be attentive . But then I found a black hair in my chow mein .
Horrible place . Would not recommend to anyone . Rude people and food sucks Never going there again
Lady who sprayed me was rude . Tan was uneven and not as dark as I asked for . I would not recommend this place nor go back .
Just like a food stand . . . very few seats with long line ups . I ' ve not tasted the food because the initial perception when I walked in wasn ' t good
Scam artists ! Brought in a wedding ring that cost 600 back in 2002 plus a gold chain and several other items . . . they gave me 100 bucks for it all . Beware of them !
Don ' t buy your car there and don ' t go there for service . Go to a different Nissan dealership . The entire facility is lame .
Worked out on the treadmill today and a person started sweating and wiping his sweat all over the controls of the treadmill . Have some respect to others man .
Poor customers service . They will take an hour to come and pick you up or send you a cab that is smaller than your request . Basically they suck
Sloooooowwww unorganized never have my order ahead complete eve when giving 30 / 45 heads up notice . Always running out of something and management sucks .
When a regular customer forgets their wallet , you should be able to accept their spouses payment over the phone . Your policy not to allow that loses me as a regular customer .
How can they have five people working and take 10 minutes to prepare a coffee . Worst aStarbucks ever !
I would give it a zero star if I can just due to the horrifying food poisoning I got ! Overpriced pub food . Don ' t waste your money or health here !
Worst meal I ' ve ever had . The service was bad and the flavors were horrible . Don ' t waste your time , go somewhere else
I will just say this : Friends don ' t let friends stay at the LVH !
Similar to reviewer above . Too much socializing , singing loudly in store . Damaged my present phone while transferring phones . Denies it , but it worked before they touched it . Very unprofessional
I have been to this restaurant a few times with coworkers and to be quite honest , everything tastes the same . I have had the souvlaki , burgers , and the breakfasts .
slow service questionable donuts wrong orders just keep walking by nothing special yum yum , more like . . .
Ugh , Montrealers , you have to be kidding me with this grocery store . The produce is always 30 seconds away from rotten . The people push you in the aisles . No .
Service was horrible here - safe yourself and walk to Red ' s Bar & Grill . The hostess sat on phone never acknowledged us - and food not worth the wait at all .
I have been visiting this place since the past 2 years and in my recent visits I realized that the quality has drastically gone down . I am looking for a new massage place .
Seafood good if you like Cajun spices . The BBQ however is just NOT good when compared to Joes and other locals . The sides just don ' t cut it either .
Bad service , forgot his name , waiter was very rude , not much communication just more assumption ! not much selections for AYCE Korean BBQ
I wish I could give them 1 / 2 a star the manager was unbelievably rude and unhelpful . Her name is Rachel . Thanks for nothing Rachel
This place is so unprofessional , they cancelled my appointment three times in two weeks ! ! !
Bouncer ignored my legal 22 year old ID and forced me to watch the show in the segregated under 21 section where it was difficult to receive any service . Food was good when it finally came .
Worst place ever ! Do not come here . Staff is rude . Doctor spent 2 min in room and acted irritated that I had questions .
Ate at the cafe . Omelettes are overpriced . Charge 1 . 50 for salsa . After namimg two items , anything extra is 1 . 50 . Can add up real quick .
Not good . The food was very bland . We had pad thai and Tom kah soup . The soup was watery . Won ' t be back . The service was good .
I have seen some pretty great shows at the old venue and I loved it there . The new location isn ' t the same though and that is a bummer
Waited for an hour when we were told 15 - 20 minutes . Was standing outside waiting for our text when a couple came up and got a seat outside when were next in line . Very disappointed .
Unfriendly peoples , food was cold and hard . Feb 28 , 2016 @ noon . Gross food .
Slow rude service very busy . The women literally said it has only been twenty five minutes when I asked where the food was . Don ' t go
Went for my bd which happens to be on New Years Eve . The dinner was BAD . The show was very good .
Way over priced , and the owner is very pushy . Bought a couple of jazz records checked online to see there value and the mark up was 90 % . Bottom line STAY AWAY !
This place sucks and it ' s boring . . . . . don ' t waste ur time , you ' ll be disappointed lol
It is a shame that the Flamingo has denigrated into a terrible locale and location . In short , the place is falling apart and really needs to be torn down .
Beyond terrible service , completely inept management and bartenders . They do not have wine list .
Mediocre Food Pathetic Service DO NOT EAT HERE . SAVE YOUR TIME . 2 STARS
Couldn ' t even get in because you " need reservations " for lunch Rude host Yesterday they were closed Makes no sense Don ' t go there
Tasteless and bad service by far this is the worst mexican restaurant . Menu is limited and just plain . Try other mexican restaurants instead .
Doesn ' t seem very clean , staff is rude , waited 30 mins for a burrito that wasn ' t what I ordered . Food was ok .
The hookah was terrible ! ! ! And so was the service . . . The DJ is amazing but wasting his time and energy there .
The worst Mc don ' t come here staff is horrible they always forget something there ice machine never have ice and u have to wait a very long time to get your wrong order of food
Rude employees had terrible attitudes for no reason . Rolling their eyes and muttering under their breath .
Mediocre at best . Cindy is very rough when filing nails . I have 4 abrasions on the side of my nails ! Definitely won ' t be a repeat customer here !
I have been to the edgemont location , while it is a nice gym , the reception staff is completely awful . They are exceptionally rude with very poor customer service .
Never again ! ! ! What a sad festival . . . nothing to do . It even looked dirty and embarrassing . This used to be such a great event . Too bad . . . .
Good atmosphere and location , but the taste of the coffee and deserts are horrendous .
Almost everything was overtly salty . Plates were small for the price . Service was ok . Would not recommend .
If I could I would give it zero stars worst place to go and eat worst service doesn ' t give you your order right and food is old please close this place or mange it batter
Food was dry and tasteless . I order take out delivery they brought the food with no utensils napkins or condiments . I was staying at a local hotel for the evening .
I come here because it close my house . The service is very bad . The lady at front desk so rode . Now I prefer to drive another 5 min to go different urgent care
It took over an hour and a half to get our first main dish . That ' s ridiculous . I wanted to give zero stars but I couldn ' t .
The DJ on Sunday will not take requests and plays shit music . He is stupid and I ' m never coming back .
Over rated ! Prices are jacked up and the food is Americanized . Not authentic Vietnamese food . There was also flys everywhere where we sat inside and there was this sewer smell .
Had a Verizon car charger with a lifetime warranty with the receipt and they won ' t exchange it .
These idiots were closed today for a private event . Really annoying since we came a very long way .
Overpriced , website has prices $ 3 - $ 5 cheaper on the food , portions extremely small and they charge . 50 cents per entree to pickup the order and $ 1 to use debit card .
No stars for this place ! ! ! Horrible music . Not kid friendly at all . Nothing but profanity . Their drinks sucks .
Very disappointing customer service . After explaining three times that I needed to hitch wiring install the person hung up ; seemingly because they could not comprehend the request .
Horrible service ! Would not recommend . Do not come ! ! Trust me come to another bar , this one is lame !
I was here couple days ago . Service so bad and food is its ok and I like chicken biryani and I was miss j
Wasn ' t bad . But wasnt that great . We went Mother ' s Day and not sure if there was a shift change or what , but we sat 20 mins just to get drinks .
Not impressed ketchup based sauce . Pricey for Portion at lunch . Mac m cheese not cheesy and I had to ask for tobasco . No wet wipes for your hands and watermelon iced tea was artificial flavors
We stayed there this weekend and the room was nice . We had a good time and love the Elvis memorabilia . I know next month there is an Elvis event which should be good .
Pizza was ok , but I also ordered a side of fries that were basically like a sack of chopped raw potatoes .
Wasn ' t impressed at all . For price I expect better quality . Chicago style Pizza was burnt and wings where not even crispy .
Terrible customer service ! ! And it was from the manager too . He just seemed so uninterested in what I was saying and was very sarcastic with his answers .
Unseasoned chicken and onions that were nowhere close to caramelized . Two of my pet peeves when it comes to fajitas .
Disgusting food ! Tastes like frozen food that was reheated . . Only thing good were the chips . Will not return !
2 Words : Food Poisoning I was out for about a week . This experience made it into my list of most horrible experience I ' ve had in my lifetime . Ummm yeah never again .
Ordered and had an emergency so couldn ' t be there for delivery . So I ' m out money and never got jack shit . Thanks dp
After sending a drink back because it ' s not good they spoke with a supervisor , took their time to remake it , and then charged me full price for said drink . Disappointing
The place is nice but extremely noisy . Service is good & th plates are pretty full . I wasn ' t very impressed but it was ok .
$ 17 for scrambled eggs , bacon and orange juice ? Ouch . Service was good but the food is average . I won ' t be spending my money here again .
This restaurant looks it has been close for weeks . Unfortunately IT IS OUT OF BUSSINESS
Consistently poor / slow service . Orders incorrect half the time . Daughter just timed our drive thru experience at over 8 minutes . . . For cheese burgers .
Its just home cooked food with a high price , went there 3 times and its very expensive , nothing to write home about
Ok , this place HAS to be officially closed . It ' s my second time trying to come here and it ' s locked up .
scam scam scam ! ! do not waist your time ! this doctor displays no integrity and her staff lacks knowledge ! please save yourself a headache !
90 minute wait for room service . Confusion over what room to deliver our baggage . Sub par food . This hotel is garbage all around . Never staying again .
It was ok until we refilled our drinks and the stupid bitch threw our pizza away . It was the kids pizza . She could see we were not finish .
Incredibly slow drink service . First person in our group , drinking slowly , finished his drink before the 4th person received their drink . Other patrons who came after received their drink order .
Disgusted that they serve shark fin soup . http : / / ocean . si . edu / ocean - news / shark - finning - sharks - turned - prey They deserve none of our business .
Called and no answer . Did a drive by and could not find the place anymore . Maybe closed ?
Long wait for tasty but lukewarm food . I should have gone to Panda Express in the next section instead . Lesson learned for next time .
No customer service skills for the staff ! The one short gal was trying to be nice but the other guy was rude !
The host was very rude . I normally like being there , but her attitude was so horrible that I couldn ' t stand to be there more than 15 mins .
Ok seriously disappointed by this place . The service was alright , their cakes : old and disgusting . It gets 2 stars because of the patio and location , but I would never go back
The WORST company ever . Poor TV service . Poor Support System . Poor Customer Service and terribly expensive .
Ordered through skip the dishes . Got the tiniest amount of fries which were soggy and undercooked . Rest of the food was not up to expectations . $ 65 down the drain in my opinion .
Don ' t bother wasting your time . Groupon clearly states something and owner try ' s to charge you more money for something you have already purchased thru Groupon
I was disappointed with the Chicken Mandi . The rice was well cooked but the Chicken didn ' t seem to be fresh . It was stinky .
Yes the sauna is broke again . Let ' s see how long it takes to fix again . . . . I know sound like a broken record but this is the only way anything gets attention .
Service was slow , the ceaser was spicer than the jerk chicken . . . no hot sauce . . . no too much to draw me back to this " joint "
I went here to see how the cup cakes where but the people there just ignored me , so I just turned around and left . Bad customer service
been there twice over priced , bad service , had veal once , never again and pizza the next time cuz it ' s just hard to screw up pizza . won ' t be back
Not very good food at all . Just spent $ 35 on takeout and it ' s all in the garbage . I ' m pretty sure the chicken was bad .
Meh . Dry chicken . Smallest cornbread I ' ve ever had . Bland mac and cheese . Definitely not a repeat .
Simply awful . There is no redeeming feature at this place . It is a demonstration of how not to build and operate an airport . Give yourself PLENTY of time .
It was ok ! The girl couldn ' t tell me calories info , or anything ! Love the Durango shop better ! I got the sunrise / sunset smoothie with asses kiwi .
This place is a joke . . . . Never open when I call late night And the last time it took forever and a day . . . Was not good at all ! ! !
Horrible service ! A store full of employees , most of whom work at a snail ' s pace . This store is in desperate need of a management overhaul .
Although im used to seeing ferraris where i work at and working on them i find it ridicolous i have to pay to get in to a ferrari dealership . Nothing special here .
Average selection of 6ers and you ' re getting robbed with the price . Much better option down the street at kings .
Bland and overly processed food . Weak margaritas . Good service , but overall disappointing experience food wise .
Dreadful . I will NEVER shop there again . I feel lucky to have escaped relatively unscathed .
The food was subpar , some it looked like it had been sitting for a while and my sons bread was hard . Would not recommend this buffet for the price .
Bell Lexus in N . Scottsdale is top notch ! ! It doesn ' t get any better than this ! ! I wouldn ' t go anywhere else ! ! Love this place
Bad service , bad wings . Save yourself the money and drive 5 mins east to the Markham / bur oak one , at least that one won ' t give you diarrhea !
The food is good , but the air conditioning sucks . Who wants to drink hot coffee in a hot bagel shop ? Bleh .
It ' s been an hour and a half and still waiting for my delivery . I ' m so mad I don ' t even want the damn food anymore .
Very nice decor rooms would have been nice granted there were no mosquitoes or insects told front desk they said sorry were booked solid so cant move you very rude and most unprofessional conduct never again .
Been here 3 times and 3 times I had to leave because they were out of something or the service was bad this location also closes earlier than other kfc ' s wtf !
I heard this is the best Chinese restaurant in Madison ? ! The food tasted like shit . . .
V . Disappointing . As vegetarians , we can almost always find something to order from a Mexican restaurant . No bueno , La Comida !
Can ' t even make a call to ask what they carry . Goes straight to what sounds like a aol dial up
Went for the first time last week . Great patio . As far as food , only had nachos . Wow I cant believe restaurants use cheese wiz . Come on lets use some real cheese please !
Worst coffee I ' ve had in a very long time . My Americano tastes like some heated up dishwater that was used to clean ash trays . This should not be happening .
So sad . Almost $ 40 for breakfast . Received subpar food , crappy service and burnt coffee .
Just a burger that ' s all . Seems like a cheap version of in and out
Scam . Over reaction compared to our second opinion . Unnecessarily prescribed and utilized expensive medications without consultation .
Worst Wendys ever ! ! It ' s Summer and theres is no air conditioning . All the tables are gross and theres flies everywhere .
At this location chicken is always burnt . They don ' t scrape / clean grill and cook chicken on black surface .
Terrible , terrible , horrible service and we were the only table in the place ! Food was good .
the sound is terrible and the service sucks worst bar in vegas
The worst excuse for a Southern Restaurant I have ever encountered in my life . . . . . . . . DISGUSTING .
Not that good . I took buffet couple of times and didn ' t like it . Ala - carte might be good .
Rude service , just wrapped up cold . , Stale Stromboli , I get its airport food , but mix poor quality food , poor service and bad attitude and it ' s a real downer .
HARD sell ! Only interested in your money ! I ' m so sorry that I joined this gym .
Tried to cancel the service and keep putting me off to the next days . Horrible service , don ' t choose this company .
Horrible customer service . I should have know something was off since there was no one in the waiting room . Don ' t waste your time here .
Food sucks ! And they charged guacamole which was not asked for ! Absurd and a thief of a business ! Close down now !
The waitress seemed to be somewhere else . I received the wrong order . The waitress did nothing to fix the problem except " sorry " . That ' s a mistake in customer service
Many chain smokers and " idlers " hanging around the parking lot and entrances , some in highly provocative attire . People smoking in rooms could be smelled in halls .
Walked in . No motion at all by staff to greet , interact , ? ? ? , profit . Walked right back out .
Kinda bummed to drive all the way down here to find out they closed an hour early today . I ' ll have to check it out some other time .
I still don ' t get it . Even DJ Sean Watson can ' t save this place , and that says A LOT .
I ordered the pork carnitas . The dish came out barely warm and the pork was very dry . Overall the dish lacked flavor and was very disappointing .
Don ' t tell you that pizza isn ' t available till 4 . Out of chicken sandwich and cod had bones . Very disappointed
Not a fan of the food at all , worse than your local dinner ! Don ' t eat here unless your drunk and don ' t care for taste !
I wanted to go here but they didn ' t answer the phone and so I drove to the salon and they weren ' t open ! Aren ' t they suppose to be open ?
Very difficult to book . Unprofessional . I wasted weeks trying to book a service I bought off Groupon . Paseo Verde location is impossible to get into .
Came with my family and got seated . We waited for 15 minuets and still no server and no acknowledgment so my family and I got up and left .
This place is never open and they dont answer the phone . I admit that I eat a late lunch . But this is the 3rd time either the doors are locked or the kitchen is not open .
The male counter person / owner unfriendly . Dry cleaned 4 shirts 3 pants . . $ 43 . 00 . . . only get to fool me once . . .
Hoover selection No cereal or maple bacon bars just basic doughnuts you can find at Walmart and frys for 25 - 45 cents a piece save your money don ' t go here
Pass on this place . Bad attitude and POOR manners by the hostess . Loud venue , drafty . Brunch menu very limited . I give it one year .
Food tasted good ; however , overall , it was overpriced and the service was poor .
Top 5 worst pizzas I ' ve ever had . Not giving it one star because it ' s bearable and the only food available for order at the Fairfield inn . Salad was alright though
No star review . . . just left and was there for 15 minutes and there was no greeting . Odd especially because I was looking to buy today . Their loss .
Ordered a rice / vegetable dish and it was pretty much all onions and barely any veggies . My boyfriend got sick from the sushi he had . Won ' t go back .
Very disappointed in the Prime Rib dinner the last time we were here . However , excellent server .
Very poor experience . Food very bland and service was extremely slow . Won ' t be back .
Horrible service and average food . The only reason they get two stars is for the beer selection . One of the worst wait staff I ' ve seen .
Terrible service , terrible food selection , 1 star because it is free so I don ' t have to pay ,
Having a family restaurant I do understand but having the same exact name I would have taken the loss to keep our good name to prevent situations such as this
I am really surprised to read that many glorious reviews . The food was mediocre , and their fish was not fresh , to say the least .
Long wait . Rude nurse . Rude physician . Let ' s not talk about the bugs in the lobby
Food wasn ' t that great . Staff are very rude and not respectful of their business . Won ' t be going back .
This by Far the Worse Chinese food ! I took two bites and threw away the food ! DO NOT EAT THERE !
Got bit up . Bed bugs wouldn ' t believe me I had to show my bite marks . . Even then refused to acknowledge me
I bought about $ 35 of Russell Stover chocolate for Christmas stocking stuffers . Every box disgustingly stale .
Ordered salmon sashimi . Within 30 minutes of eating had the worst stomach pain . Avoid this place ! !
Overpriced food that is just mediocre at best . They need a new chef . . . .
I was disappointed in the pot stickers that I had last evening . Too much dough . Not much filling .
Seems to be going downhill . Staff not cheerful or helpful . Have stayed here before , but will go elsewhere . South Point is cleaner and better value for example .
The one at the airport is just . . . bad the servers were bored and had the attitude that I was bothering them by ordering . . . and the food was very average
I ' m a local who has tried multiple times to give this place a shot . The terrible service will keep us from returning . You will wait forever .
The food is cold and the staff have a terrible disposition . After a few attempts to try , I got tired of the same poor service . Very rude .
There ' s a valid reason for the low ratings . Long lines and rude employees are the two big ones . Is it any wonder the postal service in trouble with offices like this one ?
Flight from Miami was on time to las vegas . However , I waited one hour for baggage to come from the plane to the baggage carousel . That is way too long .
I wasn ' t very pleased with the menu choices , and the flavors were either too much or too little of " something " . . . . but I must say , the service was stellar .
This place is terrible . The burgers are stale and the bread tastes like it ' s a few days old .
This is a great resort with endless possibilities but the front desk and management have no training in customer service . They are rude , abusive , not able to help and simply recite rules and regulation .
Super dry . Blah . Chicken was a funny color . Tastes like Chinese from a Buffett . Delivery guy left our food outside of the hotel room ? ? ? ?
Very poor professional courtesy . They did not show up for a scheduled appointment nor returned my calls
Went to grab a blueberry bagel . Not very good . After two bites I threw the rest away . I ' ll stick to Bruegger ' s or even Safeway ' s bagels taste better !
Dirtiest jack in the box ever ! ! I grew eating jack in the box an this is a Peru excuse for one .
Four people working at 8 on a Saturday night . No one in the restaurant . 25 minutes to get TWO sandwiches . 25 minutes ! Good thing this isn ' t a real firehouse .
Nothing hot and ready and only one cashier during the dinner rush . Guess you get what you pay for at this location . I ' d rather pay for quality
Cash only ! Guess they don ' t like business folk in there . Ffs ! I really wanted wings too . . . .
The Pink Taco in vegas have great food ! But ! They have the worse service , I mean all the waitress are lazy and rude ! They are walways chit chating and not working !
It ' s fine , but nothing special , the food is meh . The Drinks were served in can form to avoid refills .
Restaurant look disgusting smell weird . The food i order i did not like the quality for the money i pay . Chicken was uncooked rice was hard . For sure i did not going back again .
More like a spot for my moms and her friends . . came on a Saturday night , not sure how the other days are . Good music tho . . . won ' t be returning .
The service is great ! But the sauce is always drowning my rice ! ! My crispy orange chicken is now a sad soggy chicken . I don ' t think I ' ll be returning .
This place always finds a way to mess up my order , I suggest going to a different location . Employees are always in bad moods also
Shit hole stinky 1st n last time the restaurant tried serving me brown corned beef rooms suck never again
Great owners . . . Average burgers : ( Perhaps the burgers are amazing for some . . . but when you have tried many places around the valley Lucky Boys doesn ' t cut it .
I would give negative stars if possible . There was a bug in my food and they wanted me to drive it to the store for a partial refund . Terrible service and I am disgusted !
Don ' t go unless you want food poisoning ( clams ) lose a weeks worth of work and spend two days in the hospital ! ! ! And then not have the owner / manager return your call
complete dump ! the ceiling is falling down and the machines are old . the place should be torn down .
So they have a great beer selection and pretty good service but the food is really really bad . And I ordered things that are hard to mess up like chicken fried steak and fish and chips .
Two words . . . Tourist trap ! high price and food is mediocre . Snap a pic of the gold fishes and move on . : (
Gave this business two chances and had two poor experiences . Owner left me a nasty voicemail because of my original two star review .
Had an issue at this establishment . Was given GMs phone number to resolve it . GM refuses to even call me back . Unprofessional and disrespectful to their customers .
Horrible service ! Had a 4 am shuttle was . 1 hour late . My parents shuttle never showed and they had to take a taxi .
We went for brunch this weekend . The service was good , but I found the food average . I would say the chicken parm panini was the best thing that we had .
45 mins to get basic breakfast ! Food was not worth the wait . Overpriced and service was terrible
Employees here are very unprofessional . They can never get my order right either . When I go there they don ' t forget to remind me how horrible this location is .
Went last night a little before 7pm . The LONGEST time I ' ve ever waited in line at Chipotle - even during PEAK lunch hours ! Seemed short staffed and not considerate of people ' s time .
Casino n rooms very nice , Slots n Keno machines super tight ! ! ! ! No winners seen or heard for my 2days there . Talked to a lot of people n said same ! ! !
My experience wasn ' t pleasant . Our server Jan was rude . Won ' t ever go back to this location again .
So , it was like the worst experience ever , the waiter was super rude . I dun know why you guys hire someone like that , definitely will not visit again .
this is from last month Unfortunately the worse service i have ever experienced . This lady cut my pinkie toe skin . Rushed the services for deluxe pedicure . . . will never go there again . .
I love this place . I hate the prices . One dollar for basic sides like hummus and tabouli ? Not for me . Great food though . Can ' t deny that .
Food okay , decent beers . . . perfect for guys that like half naked female bartenders
I really hope I never get hit by one of their insured drivers again . Such a pain . They are so cheap and try to get out of paying at every possible turn !
Never coming to this location again . A Rude lady helped us and we sure didnt feel welcome
What ' s up with the chili ? ! ? Using hamburger now ? ? Don ' t go cheap . Why would you change something so dramatic ?
No Bueno on the green corn tamales and the service was terrible for lunch .
The service was fine . Food was terrible . Over sauced , over done . To much salt , garlic , oil and cheese on everything . Oh , and not a place to celebrate birthdays .
Terrible , terrible , terrible . I ordered delivery . Chow mein and I threw the whole thing away . I will never , ever eat there again .
I waited a hour and 30 min . They game my food away to females that walked in 20 min after me and placed a order . Food was not what it was the first time I went
Believe the low ratings expensive and disappointing ! Long wait and cold food . Never again for me try rino d ' s they are always consistent .
Dont go here they dont serve good food . I got chicken stirfly and was just horrible . 3rd time i made this to come back Save your money
Waited 1 : 15 hr for our food . Food was good but over priced . No acknowledgement or apology for excessive . Tonight was my last vusit .
Too expensive , too bland . Carnitas tacos and their special steak , as well as the chips and salsa were tasteless .
Unfortunately we couldn ' t try this place , must not take drop ins of a group of six . We were gone to do it in groups but they couldn ' t accommodate us .
This place used to be known for largest selection of draft beers in Mississauga . . . . and they go right ahead and get rid of all draft beers . Never returning .
The place is nice and big and new and the theaters and screens themselves are huge , but the seats are SUPER uncomfortable . They don ' t recline and are pretty stiff .
Tried calling the GM but that is a general phone number and he wasn ' t available . I also left a message . Let ' s see if he calls back !
First time trying it and the Chicken tasted like plastic and mashed potatoes had no flavor . However the chicken was fresh .
produce is always wilted and recently bought kale got home and discovered it was covered in bugs ! brought it back and manager didn ' t seem to care just gave me my money back on a giftcard .
Worse experience ever . Food was cold . Service was even worse . If you want to be treated badly and possibly get sick . Try this place
Waiter was always forgetting things , atmosphere fun . Food negative . Dont waste your money here
Bad service , overpriced and pizza is okay , nothing special . I would much rather go to Little Ceasers or Dominos . The guy in charge , the owner I assume , is very rude .
Taste not good , only few selection , there are plenty asian buffet with more tasteful at similar price or cheaper price . . . . Many people come here with their tour package . . .
2 hours for an oil change . . . with an appointment and sitting in the waiting room super fun ! !
The walk up window though me off Ok Food but I had better BBQ in Phx
Don ' t go here , unless you want to get ripped off
SLOW SLOW SLOW . . food is fine but the service is way too slow . . my kids will not go there . .
Ordered the chaat items . Have had much better . The green chutney they add to chaat is the idli chuney . Not meant for authentic chaat . Havent tasted anything else , so cant comment .
Greasy food , crinkle cut fries . Seriously folks , there are so many places to get a good burger around here . What ' s the big deal about this place ? Spend your money elsewhere .
They refused to let me use my Target gift card . Freaking jackasses . I ' m planning on going tomorrow and hopefully I ' ll be able to use my Kmart gift card .
One of the worst customer service , no one serves me for good 5 mins , I have to repeat my order 3x then missing the soup of my order and won ' t admit it
Bad billing practices they just took it upon themselves to charge and old credit card they had on file for a bill they are not good with billing at aal
Terrible service ! ! ! How long dies it take to ladle out a bowl of Zoup . Answer over 15 minutes . Not including 10 minutes to wait in line to place the order .
Sushi was mediocre . Service was awful . The staff look like they hate their jobs . Orders did come for an hour or more . Some items were forgotten about . Would never come back here again .
Terrible , terrible , terrible . Slow and unable to complete a special order . I waited forever for my chicken sandwich but they still got it wrong !
The service is good but after I bought a cup of milk tea today at yonge & college , and I found this in my milk tea
Horrible taste of food for the price you pay . Everything was cold . Mac and cheese taste like starch and the steak is like rubber . Never again !
The variety of food is great , but I find they aren ' t very clean . The service depends on how busy they are . A little pricy for the quality of food .
Worst experience ever . No boxes for there 5buck box deal . No chips either . No sauce . No napkins . No common sense and food was awful . . .
For the money , if you ' re lookin for fried fish and chips , think LONG JOHN SILVERS ! ! One peice of tasteless fish , mostly batter . Miss the Sam Adams fish and chips .
Really bad service here very mean staff
They refuse to take people after 8pm . How unprofessional when they close at 10pm on Saturday nights . I don ' t recommend going to this black bear location . I recommend the location at dysart .
Poor customer service . Greeted by a rude gentleman who ruined my whole experience . Walked out right away with his poor attitude .
Beware , The customer service from the owner and management are probably the worst I have ever seen and not worth the effort .
This place works for my son he is 6 ft . 2 in and they have 2 xl sizes and shirt to fit him . BUT other than that I would not come here . Not too friendly
Will never go back first it ' s overpriced and second we ordered a Strawberry Raspado and Frozen Fresas with Crema they were awful , smelled rotten and the strawberries in the Raspado were rotten very disappointed
Not authentic . Lacking any fusion . Just poorly made food . Pho Thanh is the place to go .
Bad service : out of five available employees , one is cooking , one is taking orders and the other 3 are chatting while there is a huge line of people waiting to get served .
Tired to place a pick up order . Tell says they don ' t close till 2 am . I called and called no one answer the phone .
No coffee ready at 5 am ? Really . Nothing much else to say .
They do chity work terrible job on the windows try to sell you shit you don ' t need five thumbs down
The food is like shit . Especially the tofu . Not worth the try . Not coming back .
Ordered a Titos and soda . . . received a well vodka and soda which I paid way too much for . It was undrinkable . This place rips you off . So disappointed ! ! !
The worst place I have ever been , wrong food for me and 4 people beside me in line . No hurry to fix it , no acknowledgement .
Avoid this place at all cost , they don ' t have customer service skills and when you need service it ' s like a bother to them I would rather go to jennipoh or pho Kim long .
I ' m a New Yorker , I have high standard in Vietnamese food . The pho wan ' t good at all . Spring roll not fresh . Not recommended .
Got burgers delivered . Surprised at how small they were but , even more than that , they were probably the most burnt burgers I ' ve ever had in 45 years of eating hamburgers .
Disgusting ! I went based on Yelp reviews but arrived to find a run down , filthy restaurant . Not sure if reviews were set up . Would not even sit in there . Very disappointing .
Inefficient , VIP customers with multiple issues that range from billing to customer service . Fo yourself a favor and skip these guys .
Food : horrible , tasted like everything was microwaved and none of the staff knew English . Service : horrible Not much else to say about here . Definitely wouldn ' t go here again .
They would not accept my student insider coupon through the phone . Expensive for college students ! Sandwiches are ok .
They will put a flyer under your hotel door just to get you to order their crappy pizza . Businesses that offer good food have no problem getting up to 2 stars on yelp . . .
JL Richards was always are go to place , great meat , good prices . The past two times I bought meat there it was horrible . Too bad .
Service has declined since they ' ve gotten more popular , I ' ve been a customer for 6 years now and still get treated rudely by receptionists .
Very bad service . The guy at check - in wrote the wrong room number for me and even forgot to say sorry . The rooms are normal . No view . The hotel is far from downtown
Service was awful and the chimichinga was worse . Full of Spanish rice . . . . nasty . Won ' t be back !
Ordered a buffalo pizza and a sandwich which I asked for no tomatoes on and still received tomatoes . After taking them off my sandwich some mysterious fell out . I ' m never ordering again . Disgusting
I get a food poisoning in this restaurant looks like clean nice but the food make you sick it ' s horrible feeling
Worst phone experience ever had . If ignorance was a virtue . These people would be tops . I had to spell everything out to them !
Food was very bland no taste at all toppings for tacos were extra go figure . If I ' m ordering a taco I would expect all the taco fixings . All in all nothing was flavorful
Very Bad place to eat . charge you $ 2 extra dollars for split a food , . BS . never again .
Really great food and really horrible customer service . From the host to the chefs they were all very unfriendly and got annoyed by simple questions . Should hire new people .
Lame . . . Haunted my a $ $ ! ! ! This place is like any other park with lots of kids playing .
Lobster not all that fresh , rolls really tiny , no sides ( although a side listed on the board ) . Many other options - - skip that place .
They raised their prices again bah hah . And when they send coupons out now they are only for 6 " inch sandwich and still give less meat then port of subs .
The food is ordinary and overpriced . , the service it ' s lazy , slow , We don ' t coming back ! ! !
Ok . Beer was almost cold . Black and Blue burger was fair at best . Will never eat here again . However your music still rocks b
$ 9 for a veggie sandwich on " toasted " bread that was COLD . Dirty environment , snails pace service . Over inflated prices for food that is beyond sub par .
Terribly overpriced . A beer was around $ 16 . The wings were soggy , and the meat sauce in the pasta was tasteless . Will not be returning . . .
Dont trust the commercial video , its not like that . The place needs to be cleaned and revamped . Food was not good too . Sorry .
This place sucks bad they have horrible customer service just so who ever knows if they plan on making a delivery they took always 2 hours telling me it would take 45 mins bullshit ! ! ! ! !
Should of walked out once I saw all the white peoples eating Terrible " Mexican Food "
Worst service ever ! And don ' t expect to watch your football game even if you ask ! The waitress and the bartender could care less about their customers !
They are closed looks like they are opening up in another strip mall . As of March 24 2018 . That other location is not open yet .
5 $ for ham & cheese croissant . One slice of cheese and one slice of ham . " Stay hungry my friend " .
服务员是真的傻逼，加个座位会挡住你走路，怕是挡住你的棺材路哦，纯几把傻。 The waiter for this resturtatant is sooooooooooooo stupid
Really ? WAY over priced and mediocre food . If you think you ' re a shooter then enjoy . If not , then there are way better places within a 5 minute walk .
Sunday night bartender . Not a good fit . Food took too long . He was rude . I live around the corner And usually there is a friendly face . Not tonight
This is the least authentic Chinese food I ' ve eaten in America , although the decoration and the service are pretty good .
Food was bland . I had high expectations and was disappointed since they have good reviews on yelp . The reviews were very misleading .
Molly B . The only way to make my experience more enjoyable is to refund me about 200 . 00 that your business over charged me .
Terrible ! ! Service sucks and chefs were fired on 3 / 26 / 17 for spitting in customers food . I will never go again ! ! !
Mediocre at best . Over priced . I had takeout but noticed the dining room had leaks from the ceiling in 3 different places .
wasnt the great experince but who knows . . . maybe i jsut came on a bad night . the bartenders were very accomodating tho . ; )
My massage finished 30 minutes ago and I have nail marks on my skin . The masseuse seemed distracted for much of the time . I did hear the swoosh of a text .
Slow drink service and a major menu change makes me think twice about a return visit here . Not happy with the price increase either .
Very slow and understaffed . The employees are unprofessional and dirty looking . Wont go back .
Worst service I ' ve ever had . Employees wasting time standing around laughing . Lost packages an no effort to retrieve .
I came here to have Shwarma and they were out of it . I tried Kabobs instead and it was undercooked . Service : Poor . The waitress was nice but service was very poor
Cheap is cheap , you can ' t mass produce quality sushi . Good value but not good sushi . All you can eat off a limited menu .
Don ' t believe them when they say the close at 10 : 30 ! ! . . drove all the way there for them to tell me that they closed at 10
Update your darn hours . They close at 2pm , not 9 . Was really looking forward to trying this place out .
My husband and I walked by last night and saw a letter on the door . . . another Mill Avenue establishment bites the dust . That didn ' t take long .
if you want to stare into a filthy kitchen while eating mediocre food , this place is for you .
Average Thai food with very poor service . The attitude of the two waitress was extremely rude . Have been to better Thai restaurants and will not be back to this one .
Sakana Sushi on Elliot and Priest , Mello Mushroom ( pizza experience ) are also other great places to go where you can hear yourself think while enjoying good food !
Too expensive , not worth to eat the roasted duck . Da Ya Li is better than this restaurant . Selling food presentation not quality .
All we ate here was the korean ribs , and the food does not look very fresh but good price for a buffet . I think about $ 15 per person . Also , there was no dessert .
This guy is not trust worth ! ! ! ! ! ! I DO NOT recommend his services . In fact if he ever contacted me I would call the police !
Not the place to go for wax ! ! It took almost 2 weeks for the skin around my brows to heal .
Waited forever for our food then it was barely warm when it came out . Those who ordered pizza were served and finished eating before the rest of us got food . Not coming back .
Worst towing experience of my life . Disrespectful , nasty , and a downright slob . Definitely do not recommend .
Went to the drive - through no one answered continue to pull through didn ' t see anybody in the restaurant I guess this place is closed down
I love the pizza but the delivery is never on time and the pizza has yet to be hot let alone warm . I really like the pizza I just wish they could staff appropriately for delivery .
over - rated over - hyped over - priced burgers are average at best fries are frozen and heated cheese - you call that cheese ? same as mcdonalds , only you are paying 600 percent more
Worst sonic ever . Full of idiots . Every time I go here I get the same " sorry for the wait " and they mess up my order every visit .
Fun atmosphere but overpriced so - so food . Our visit this week was highlighted by limp mushy fries and undercooked beef . Won ' t break our necks getting back to this joint .
2 hour wait and then canceled my order . Go to little Shanghai down the street . Real service there .
FOOD 0 SERVICE 5 Atmosphere 4 Its definitely ONCE in a lifetime experience . The staffs are definitely nice though .
Red velvet with cream cheese was great ! Other two cupcakes were average . Coffee was pretty bad , and service was not friendly at all . Wouldn ' t really recommend .
Been going here for cleaning & altering . I finally hit my limit in their bad attitudes . Going elsewhere !
Not authentic Beijing cuisine , but also insects in vegetables , and even ice water is not good
The wait here is horrible . Would definitely pick another location to do a drug screening .
Management is comical . Has confirmed we will never live on base again . Resembles a money laundering scheme . If you have a choice , do not deal with Nellis Family Housing .
I really recommend this place if you love super uncomfortable bar stools , over priced drinks , and unimaginative bar food . Only gave two stars because the bartenders seemed pretty nice .
What a horrible , nasty group that runs this little dive . They spend their time chasing away people who are seated at the gate - ie customers . Horrible . Avoid .
Awful . Food and service were pathetic . Thankfully we ' re leaving . . . Sad that leaving is the highlight of being here . Not recommended .
Owner was very rude and condescending . In other words a total jerk . Will not be back even though sandwich wasn ' t too bad . Such a shame .
CLOSED DOWN I just love circling around a shopping on a Friday night looking for a place that no longer exists . . . . . . not !
Staff was rude , unfriendly and unprofessional . The food was over priced and too salty .
Terrible service . . . . Took them 15 minutes to get me 6 regular tacos . Seriously ? What happened to FAST food .
poorly organized . poor service . hate the field kitchen . the old way was amazing . disappointed with the changes .
I ' m . 2 miles away from them , just on the other side of the freeway and they refused a delivery . Just take the delivery sign off your window ! ! ! !
Load and expensive . Dud not have a good feeling leaving . It was very difficult to hear each other not to mention it was expensive .
Awful lines at checkout many employees but no help . Waited in garden area in line for 10 mins Will not be back .
Food is not good ! Don ' t waste your appetite . To be fair , we didn ' t try the Asian cuisine , but the BBQ was definitely not good .
Don ' t waste your time . Not worth the wait and the service is so pretentious you ' d think you were being seated by Caesar himself .
Mr Arm was a no show . Four of us waited in the hot sun outside of the Manor , after making an advanced reservation , and receiving confirmation of the reservation .
Nice small gym . People are friendly enough but gym is overpriced compared to competition in town .
Stay away from this place , overpriced and a bunch of tweakers . We spent $ 1 , 000 on our car and it lasted less than two months . There are far better products out there .
Terrible service and for some reason , brunch was quite disappointing . The Croque Madame did not taste as good as it did last time and left a strange after taste .
Real noisy , so noisy the waitress couldn ' t hear is and we couldn ' t hear her . My eggs were cold and service very slow
非常不好吃：）饺子没有味道，炒菜不入味，肉也不入味 not recommended 非常不好吃：）饺子没有味道，炒菜不入味，肉也不入味 not recommended 非常不好吃：）饺子没有味道，炒菜不入味，肉也不入味 not recommended
Ok place . Food was not bad but overpriced . Service was slow as they needed to bring everything from the back room . Bartender was uninterested in providing good service .
Food is ok but the service is pretty hit or miss . It was actually pretty bad tonight .
This is the worst place to eat ! Avoid it they never get my order right once I got a jumbo jack with no meat .
Went here with some coworkers for lunch . Was not impressed with the pizza at all . The garlic bread tasted store bought . Will not return .
Got a salad , with a dead mosquito body in it . Very disgusting . Wouldn ' t go back . Lettuce and vegetables should be washed several times before served to people to consume .
Not realistic with waiting times . They run the establishment like it ' s a club with folks that can pay their way through the waiting list
Wasnt able to actually purchase anything in the store as it wasnt in stock . My ' special order ' has been in process for over six months . A total joke .
Today service was off . Went to drive thru kind of late . Order was wrong - initial cashier kept cutting me off while ordering . Along stands of hair in salad .
They have good $ 5 burgers . Problem is they charge $ 9 for them . Really small burger too . Good , just not worth it .
Poor customer service . Workers do not like to give u creamer for your coffee which comes unlimited in any other diners or restaurants you go to .
Rude comment from the owner on my legitimate complaint . The hours suck and walk ins should be taken till closing
They served my burger raw . Manager comped but still charged for my soda that i didnt even feel like drinking anymore . What a joke .
Nasty soup , that I refused to eat after I tasted it , however they still charged me for it .
Endroit très populaire . Un peu vieillot . Pour ma part je n ' y trouve rien de très spécial . Ils y servent des déjeuners traditionnels .
Don ' t get in line behind the 90 year old lady . . . . . Oh , I forgot , that ' s the only people that shop at this store .
Food is good . Service is absolutely wretched and the staff have poor manners . Would not recommend this location . For better and kinder service , try the Filmore Vig .
Atmosphere is great . You can bring a laptop and do work here as there are couches and tables all around . Coffee is good . There is room for improvement in the pastry and food department .
I ' m there now , patties day . I ' m drinking beer but standing at the bar . This bartender is so obvious pouring 3 / 4 oz drinks to the others makes me like my beer
Worst restaurant in Wynn . Horrible service . Love the other restaurants in Wynn . Maybe just Sunday night is horrible .
Horrible service . They opened my car door into a pole denting the door and chipping the paint . I will never come back here again .
Tried this place for lunch , had the chicken burro and have to agree with the other reviewers . I wouldn ' t recommend Matador and am still baffled that it was packed at lunchtime .
Eat here only if you are either drunk or desperate ! ! ! Two stars because we came in just before their closing time for food . The Food . . . is eminently forgettable ! ! !
Slow Internet . Poor wiring . Fitness room closed . No comfort .
I have eaten here twice . The food is good , however the poor customer service and general incompetence by the staff does not make - up for it . I ' ll never go back .
Horrible service . My review has been edited and no longer a customer .
Screw char , fired pie is where it ' s at . I wish I could give zero stars . Disgusting food , horrible service and rude employees . Very upset never coming back
What kinda place runs out of sugar and half the ingredients to make then smoothy . This one is a dump
They keep raising their rates . Very hard to work with .
great view of the strip . food is not great . beer selection fair . would be 1 star if not for the view .
Pretty much cafeteria Japanese food . Not bad but not worth going out of your way for .
Very nice location and view with overpriced mediocre food !
Rather disappointed with the diner . I was expecting booths and a jukebox . Very average breakfast .
Terrible Bojangles ! Always slow and orders filled are usually wrong ! ! ! And I tried them more than twice ! Don ' t bother !
Extremely disappointing ! Chocolate milkshake tasted more like frozen whole milk , absolutely no chocolate flavor . Burgers are all pre made and soaking in water till ordered . This place is overrated .
Great menu choices but service is very slow and recently they increased their prices by a significant amount .
The wings are substandard , service was okay . There are so many better places for wings . I don ' t understand why this place is popular , my guess would be the TVs .
Don ' t bother . This place was done before it even got started . Mediocre food , unattentive service and clueless owner = recipe for disaster .
Why did you change the cup sizes so disappointing . I like large cup please bring them back .
Ordered Kadhai Paneer & Naan . The Paneer was extremely hard & did not taste authentic . Have had beter !
Still on shuttle ! Waited over 30 minutes to even get started . Driver acts like he doesn ' t care . Won ' t use again . Take a cab instead !
Worst experience ever . Better off riding Amtrak for $ 10 - 20 more and it gets you there in half the time the Sh * thound bus does . Never , ever , ever again ! ! !
At airport at 630am . Bathrooms are disgusting , no toilet paper and one toilet clogged . Wow !
the food was cold and was served very late . Drinks were flat like . Really had a bad experience . Never going there ever again .
Rude and Obnoxious Owner / Server , Very High prices , Bad service , Bad Food . Avoid at all costs .
Quick and easy in and out . Very convenient however the actual car wash drive thru is awful . Did not clean my car . Front and rear of the vehicle were not cleaned . Waste of money .
A great place for Antman to eat , but any real size human being will have to go eat somewhere else . Very expensive , And I had to pay to park . great view . .
Decent food , but the staff ' s failure to comply with smoking laws meant we had to eat our meals next to noxious cigarette smoke .
Worst hotel ever ! Switched rooms twice before they said sorry and canceled my reservations because both rooms were dirty ! The staff was nice but now I ' m stuck room less in Vegas
Employees are extremely rude , service is horrible and so much attitude for coffee in the morning !
After eating Holy Chuck this spot has just an average burger with good service . . .
They wouldn ' t accept a takeout order two hours before closing because they " ran out of dough " .
Food was very average and the waiter seemed like he wanted us to leave asap so he can seat other people . Meanwhile we were there less then an hour . Not good customer service .
This place is horrible , if you ever had real Ramen you will undrestand what a disaster is this place , terrible terrible food
The beef patty was great but everything else was mediocre . We got ox tail and jerk chicken and found many slithers of styrofoam in the rice .
Service was very quick and friendly . The Thai soup was amazing ! Everything else a little bit of flavour less
I love Pts , but this particular one is terrible . The staff here is uninviting and there service is terrible . You could have at least faked it .
Poor service . All self serve kiosk were broken causing everyone to line up at the 2 tills that were open . Just to clarify it is a monday . Thanks for justifying downloaded movies and netflix .
For my first time here I would not return by choice ! The service was horrible and the food was as good as the service !
Very unimpressed . Salad was stale and drenched with dressing , wings were gross . Not going back .
Cakey , lacking substance & flavourless . All those giving this place 5 stars need to get out more .
the taste is ok . But the service is not that good and charges the price higher than on the menu !
So over priced and rude customer service . The tattoo artist who sat 7 feet away from me couldn ' t even talk to me . Rude !
Came here on reference , bought chole bhature , whivh turned out to be stale . Never coming back again
好久沒有去過香格里拉飲茶，因為有段時間D食品和人都好失水準，今天心 血來潮好想去再試試！怎料又係有D失望，埋單時候才知道是完價的，原來張點心紙寫明11點前是特價，但服務員說已經取消了特價好幾個星期，改了又照用這張點心紙又無預先講給我們知，false advertisement ，這樣太不老實了！
I guess they weren ' t interested in my business because no one returned my call about an estimate for some work on my home . Moving on .
Not up to it ' s previous brunch standards . Buffet has scaled back in variety and quality . Still good but no longer excellent .
Terrible experience ! Slowest service and the food was not worth the wait either . It was my first time and I won ' t be back .
The fried calamari turned me down by over half of the plate were jalapeno and that cost me $ 10 . 99 service was not so good .
Poor customer service . Sales girls all have attitudes and in sure that is the reason people would rather online shop than deal with them . Macy ' s you lost a customer .
Mediocre food for $ 39 entrees . This place has potential , nice environment and location but the food , wine selection and service is average and not worth the high price .
Decent food , really good hot salsa , but the prices are RIDIC . We won ' t be back .
Their office is empty and their web site does not exist . Correct me if I am wrong , but it would seem as if they have gone out of business ?
Not the friendliest service didn ' t even acknowledge I entered the restaurant . I ordered orange chicken and it was ok . Ive had better . . rice Was lumpy
Too much to list , management needs help . We weren ' t offered coupons but the people after us were . They were too busy talking versus trying to help the customers .
This place is horrible . I absolutely do not recommend this location . Rude hostess and bad customer service .
Charged me for services before I agreed to them . Didn ' t show up on the day they were supposed to . When they do come , they do a decent job in a timely fashion .
I ' m done .
There is no comparison since we just visit here and eat once . According to our experience . It ' s not even 50 % good as toronto . The service was fine .
Prices and food quality vary from visit to visit . No consistency . If food is going to be expensive at least make sure it ' s hot .
Had the Philly cheesy steak on a busy Sunday . Took awhile , it was good but not great . About 6 hours later the fun started . Woke up with food poisoning . Never eating here again .
Low quality , tasteless hot dog . Definitely NOT worth the drive from East Mesa .
Donuts stale on more than one occasion . I don ' t recommend this location to anyone . Don ' t waste your time here and just drive down to the 51st and olive location .
I have been there once . The food and service were Okay . I don ' t think I will go back because of the rat problem . That ' s so disgusting .
Please avoid going to this Urgent care they have only PA and there is no doctor and he is very rude gave incorrect medicine & diagnosis for my Kid .
I came here to get a haircut and the lady did the worst job ever . I could cut my hair like how she did at home ! I could find cheaper and better places .
Stopped by to try the tsoynamis and it was great until I got half way through and found a small hair in it ! Grossed me out ! ! !
Overrated kid of a strange menu for a Mexican restaurant .
such a shame , this place has great furniture and decorative items - albeit at times overpriced - but man does their customer service SUCK .
I have been to this place and can state from personal experience that this establishment condones violence between patrons on their premise .
Went for lunch with my office and before we got thru the door the server snipped we don ' t have room for you . So rude .
The staff was talking to each other rather than serving the tables . Our order came wrong and one of the dishes came undercooked - cold in the middle
Terrible food , terrible prices , terrible service . I ' ll never eat here again or order room service from the stratosphere hotel since this is the kitchen that supplies it .
Cool atmosphere , but just about the worst service you can imagine . Ordered a beer 10 minutes ago and still waiting .
It was good food , BUT . . overpriced and 3 out of 4 people i was with got food poisoning . Mine started on a plane , yay . NOPE ! ! ! !
Cool place for drinks but if your gonna order food , order it now while reading this review . Gonna wait a looooong time for your food to come out , I did on a slow Thursday night .
good food , a little pricey for casual american dinning but still good . plus they have bikini bull riding on sundays and no cover
Incredibly horrible experience . I do not appreciate being rushed or lied to . My mistake for not checking Yelp first .
Hard to believe this bar is closed . It was a good spot to go entertainment Goodfood sad to see it closed .
Nice place , comfortable . Local . Very friendly . Great food selection , it was busy . They have coffee . No pourovers .
Hmmm maybe I don ' t know the drill here in AZ , but this place is debit / cash only ? ? ?
Great location , good beers , worst barbecue in the state of North Carolina . They " smoke " their BBQ in an electric smoker . Service is decent but locals avoid .
Didn ' t expect much and was last minute but was not very clean , service was good but fish tacos looked as if they were frozen then heated up - no flavor .
I would give no stars if it let me . Absolutely horrible service . Food took so long we ended up having to get it to go .
Worst experience I ever had . I drove thru 1 : 30am to pick up an ice cream cone and had to wait for 50 minutes on the line .
The new employees are the laziest I have ever seen . Go elsewhere if you want to get any bagels . . where are the older awesome employees Einsteins ?
Don ' t usually write terrible reviews but I just wanted a gift card and they made me wait behind ten other ppl .
I would ' ve given a zero star rating if yelp would let me . Beware of this company . Equipment never worked , complete waste of my money . Never sign a contract with them .
Average pizza , overpriced . Good for a quick meal if you ' re at the Aria , but nothing special .
Pay double , triple , whatever it takes but don ' t rent from here . 1 1 / 2 hr wait and old car
Took 2 hours and 55 mins to have a typical dinner . Terribly slow service . Also messed up the desert order . Very sad : ( bill took 30 mins to get
Service is shit and i found hairs in my food n the food always arrives late and the restaurant is super noisy most of the time
This place is very mediocre , unless grabbing drinks and you ' re looking for a bar . The tacos and quesadillas are very small and overpriced .
Horrible bottle service , disrespectful staff , and way too crowded . One star for the way the place looks for their service . That concludes that
Super terrible . Ordered orange chicken , egg foo young , and hot and sour soup . Just terrible . Paid $ 30 only to have a few bites of each and throw it out . Not recommended .
Since the whoopers are made to order , I wonder how the two served to me we ' re both cold , dryed out and . Just plain bad .
What you expect out of a 24 hour diner . Food can be pretty good , service can be pretty bad .
We went for a birthday party , and it ' s terrible . More up all than a car dealership - and about the same price .
Not sure why I decided to give them a second chance . I won ' t make that mistake again . Can we say UBER ! ?
Horrible customer service , some guy that ' s bald called for customer assistance and never showed up . Go to petco
Wait time needs much improvement . Asking for $ 5 , 348 . 8 in small repairs that are not critical on a vehicle that is valued at $ 3 , 000 is disgusting .
The chicken fingers are horrible . The breading used is meant for egg rolls and such . Not to mention my extra soggie fries . . . . ewww
Don ' t honor drink specials that are listed on their web site . Grubby Grungy , dirty , didn ' t eat .
This make the worst bahn mi sandwich I have ever had . Flavorless . Limp produce . Lesson learned . Never again .
Stupid and unorganized place ! Waiting for over an hour since my appointment time . Run from this place ! DISLIKE very much so ! ! !
They need more than one person running this place . Feel bad for her . Slow service even though she tried .
Truly disappointing . Food : lackluster everything microwaved or deep fried . Ambience : loud , like eating in a frat house Staff : dumb and all dressed like whores .
Flys everywhere when your sitting down trying to eat , dirty tables and terrible attitudes from the employees .
Ordered a well done steak and it was served medium rare . Very pricey for what you get . Should have either removed steak from bill or offered dessert or even apologized . Poor customer service .
I used to like coming here , until tonight . They rushed you and the lesbian that works there was so rude . I will never come back here again
If I could give 0 stars I would . Very unprofessional , tried to explain what I wanted done with my eye brows ( a consultation ) lady was very rude and rushed me . . will never return
They did not seem to know what they were fully doing , they blew my veins in both of my arms , and I had bruises and marks on my arms for 3 weeks
BEWARE ! ! ! ! These guys are rip off artists . Bait and switch all the way . Please please be careful .
I wish I could rate 0 stars . The only good thing about this place is you can eat next door while they are " washing " your car .
The Frybread was not what I was expecting , it was more like a flatten Sopapilla . Carne asada tacos were super dried out . They get two stars just because they had strawberry soda .
Came here to order chicken burrito . The woman server here is very rude . I will never come back here anymore !
Honestly , I keep coming back and every time I ' m disappointed . Food is mediocre but the service is THE WORST ! I ' m saying it again , I ' m never coming here again .
Do not ever go here if you don ' t drink soda as they do not give out water cups they will instead make you have to buy their " value drink " .
One star for the location being there , lacking 4 stars because they closed the drive thru and lobby 8 minutes early . I bet it wasn ' t the manager of the store closing .
The service was over worked and the quality of the meat was not to par for the price .
The hot dogs just weren ' t that good . Tasted like ones you get from the supermarket . Wanted to like it , but really just bleh .
Not too far from my work . Average sushi with abundant selection of hand rolls .
Coffee was terrible . Can ' t do eggs as ordered ? Its an egg place , says so in the name ! I would not go back , not with so many other options in the area .
Nice automobiles but the sales guys and costumer service is deplorable . We have been there on several occasions and recd continually poor service . I would go out of way not to purchase anything from them .
I can confirm simple stage concerts at neighbouring Echo Beach sound better !
The sushi here is good but not at all worth putting up with the ridiculous service . Wait time for my order was quoted 15 minutes and took over an hour . Unbelievably rude and dismissive .
Awful hot dogs , greasy ass carnie fries that are more of a guilty pleasure than anything else , and disgusting pizza . The burger ' s are alright here though .
No lemongrass chicken ? Well there was a stir fry but that was kinda oily . Good for the price I guess . Won ' t be coming back
I was at this local new years even received a very chilly reception like I was a part of Americas most wanted I guess all black men look like criminals
I ' m not going to comment on their food , just the fact that they lost our order after 30 mins wait , it ' s just unbearable .
Needed more time , the popusa wasn ' t ready when serve , more flavor . The Agua de tamarinDo was delicious though !
Could someone tell me where ' s section GA PIT ROW GA4 . . . . . Wondering how close it is to the stage . . . . . .
Coffee extremely expensive and horrible taste . Tables dirty and unclean . Overall a really horrible experience .
Never got a returned call back with 168 hours and counting . Very disappointing ! I guess business must great but not for this patient !
Really didn ' t like this place . Too cramped , couldn ' t move , no where to sit , service wasn ' t great
Needy doorman wont miss any chance to sell their service . Charge extra parking fees and it is far away from downtown . Room is spacious fabulous but found the loose faucet .
Parking is an absolute nightmare . If you have guests that want to visit , suggest they uber .
Shitty service . Waited 45 minutes for my food that never came . They only brought 2 dishes I ordered . I don ' t have time for this shit .
Sorry , way too greasy . Unfortunately i was disappointed at the service and food . I read positive reviews but the meals were almost inedible . Also , clean the bathrooms please .
not vegetarian friendly . took over an hour to get in the buffet . they do not like feedback .
Very very very very slow . We ' ve been waiting for 40 mins for our dim sum when there even ain ' t so much people . Very disappointing .
customer service ? Here ? If its a slow night dont count on fresh food . Look in the window , see if the place is full , if not , then leave and go across the street .
Very very bland . We went there for lunch and both the meals were scared of flavor and were basically high school lunchroom quality .
Zero , service was terible . . . i know food i love food but i have honestly had better food out highway restaurant bathroom than what was served to me today .
Called this past weekend to make a reservation and were told that they have CLOSED ! I guess it ' s going to be turned into some kind of breakfast place .
the service I received from Gary Gady at Flooring Service was the worst I have ever experienced . would recommend going else where . Very RUDE ! ! ! !
Almost miss my flight . No surprise uber is taking over these guys . It was even cheaper by uber . Never calling this company again .
Wish I would have looked it up on yelp first . " Ready in one week " became " not ready " over a week later . Hope I get my coat back soon . . .
Worse car wash place . They ran over the curb and was . not going to say anything . Until I said something .
They don ' t clean the plates , they give you food in nasty dirty plates it ' s awful i used to love apples bees now they decrease a lot in quality
do not choice this travel service , the staff ' s manner is very bad , and inpatient .
I wish there was less than 1 start to give to this place . " Very rude management , " that pretty much summarizes the experience you should expect there .
Quite possibly the slowest drive thru Starbucks in town . Friendly staff , but slow as molasses .
Takes 1 hour plus to make you a deli sandwich and that could care less . Not to mention the hair in my sub . Stay away !
Very bad Store and very expensive vegetables , fruits and meats it ' s not good actually sucks
Bland katsu don . Venue was plain . Food were over priced for the quality of the venue . Service was not bad
EWWW ! ! WARNING : So the crust is gross and its so expensive for one pizza ! ! ! ! Do not come here . . You will regret it
Another trashy over priced bar in Vegas in a mall of all places that thinks they can set a dress code .
The soup was too salty and heavy and the panang chicken was kinda blend . I ' ve had it better at a Chinese restaurant in CO .
Well , I had a groupon but I could not use it because this location is now CLOSED for good ! Can Angel Sweet please come back here ? ?
Don ' t go ! ! ! Tried charging 100 bucks for a winter coat cleaning A lot of attitude and nonsense vice Don ' t go ! !
horrible ! no taste very expensive and staff just don ' t care ! ! If you want to see the " Gold Fish " just google it or go near by but do not enter ! ! !
Maybe the worst donuts for the price . Order 5 and paid almost $ 19 . Cronnut . . . lame , simply better choices in Toronto .
This used to be my fave pizza pizza change of ownership about a year ago and this place has gone downhill !
They closed their doors a few days ago , and took it out on me by changing their business name to my name . Public slander at its finest .
Have to change my review . . . . service got sloppy as did hair proccesses . . . glad I moved on .
Tuesday Dosa Nite . . . curry potatoes filling is better than the curry chicken filling . . . both are delicious but spicy
Nice facility but they don ' t turn on the overhead heat bars in the rink . Very cold to watch a game in even buy usual local rink standards .
So glad I don ' t have to deal with this office anymore since the only reason why I was going was because of Doctor Hailstone . His move to the new office was a great idea .
Decent food . . . comparably priced to the other offers in the food court . The staff could learn to smile a bit !
Supremely overpriced for simply average food and service . The beer selection is very good and they should definitely continue to concentrate on that section of the business .
Service is incredibly slow and we saw our waitress so infrequently that I forgot what she looked like .
Over priced and they nickel and dime you . I wouldn ' t eat here again . Try the taco spot around the way . Tacos El Gordo amazing .
I won ' t return . My nail tech was very weak and seemed to have a hard time doing my feet . Im not impressed whatsoever .
Don ' t go with the older guy with glasses . He kept falling asleep during my one hour foot massage . Unbelievable !
Nice space . Food was meh ; could have made better at home . Portions are small for the price . Service is unfriendly .
Mediocre quality . Too salty . There are so many other choices of similar cuisine nearby . This one is not worth it .
Went at10 : 30 a . m . was told no breakfast . I was the second customer to leave cause no breakfast at 10 : 30 am . Went to McD they had breakfast at 10 : 40
Doesn ' t matter if the drive thru screen is correct & you ' re the only one there , they ' ll still screw up your order .
Awful . Good food poisoning .
Pricey . Its a fancy atmosphere with not - so - great food and service . I expected more for my money .
Shrimp scampi was not very good . The sauce was too watery and the overall dish was bland .
Bar tender was horrible . Chips and salsa were so not authentic . I won ' t ever go back
Ordered last night . Mozzarella cheese sticks were burnt and the extra large is like a medium . Other than that , Order was right and food came pretty fast .
Tried to call this company . This one man shop had the manners and decorum of a TROLL . . Good luck to you . .
The food is nothing to rave about . Just another run of the mill place . Our server amber c kept telling us our meals we ' re getting pushed back . Service and food sucked
Don ' t buy their Groupon ! ! They don ' t honor it unless it ' s at their Rainbow store although all three stores are listed on their website !
The 10 loud , drunks next to us deterred us from even staying to try the food . . . As delicious as it looked . Nobody acknowledged us on our way out .
Had a near death experience in their elevators and wasn ' t even offered a free breakfast or to be moved from the 21st floor , pretty tacky .
1 / 2 portion of lamb with rice and spinach really cost $ 18 ? ?
Gave them 2 chances & my car never looks great . I always pay for a better wash but do not get the money ' s worth .
Eh . The food is not horrible but nothing special . Terrible wine list . Owner is kind of rude .
Food is good but that ' s about it . Not fond it the service or the over crowded over stuff restaurant . Service wasn ' t great either but would be good for take out !
Public transport in Montreal is poorly operated , rarely on time , dirty , over crowded , and over priced .
Food was unremarkable . Not bad but nothing to right home about either . I was one of five in our party and two hours after four of us had been sick . Do not reccommend .
Pretty friendly service , but the cargo van I had reserved weeks in advance was unavailable when I went to pick it up . Vehicle was clean .
Eh , the bartender we got was rude . Fun ambiance though . Young crowd . I probably wouldn ' t spend any more of my money there .
They always forget something when I go through drive thru . Also chicken was not fully cooked ! ! They need to have a talk with the staff ! Horrible experience every time
Waited 30 minutes to be served . Had to snap fingers to be noticed . Chocolate is decent , but not worth the 1000 Calories .
Disappointed . Not the usual Chipotle experience . Food did not taste fresh . Place was not clean . On the plus side , it wasn ' t crowded .
Quoted a good price but missed appointment and never communicated to reschedule and even with constant attempts to reach out , I was ignored . Horrible communication
I have lived in this area for years . Hands down the slowest and worst cook out on the planet .
Beyond unhelpful . We got passed off to three people and the last just walked away from us . Never coming here again . I suggest you go elsewhere for real customer service .
The self wash is absolutely horrible . Dirty and smelled bad . Avoid .
Sales people do not have the greatest customer service . Because of a repo they could not help me ( although Chapman Jeep did ) and did not have the common courtesy to call customer back .
The Hush club has closed as of May 1st 2011 . The owner stated the area had got so bad that no one would come there any longer .
I came to this horrible place with long hair and picture of what I want to do and I left with short ugly hair . . . really disappointed ! I will NEVER get there again !
Unfriggin believable how stupid some people can be with an order seriously stupid ass when I say number 3 I didn ' t say number 2 and please learn how to put a lid on a coke cup
Food isn ' t horrible , just nothing to write home about . You can do a lot better for pizza , wings , hoagies . Etc , especially with the amount of pizza places around Bethel Park .
I keep trying to give this place second chances but it never works out . I always end up disappointed by the overpriced meals and the terrible service .
This hotel literally stinks . Great location , but would be nice if the smell didnt make you sick . . . especially after a night of heavy drinking
Service is soooooo slow , im currently sitting in the restaurant and its so slow even the drinks took like 20 minutes , it just cane im bouta eat now
So over priced and the nail tech didn ' t even do my nails the way I asked . They purposely did it a different way to up charge my service . Very disappointed .
El campesino in stow is 17 times better I ' m not going to waste my time writing anything else
They lost stars due to allowing grown men use the " FAMILY " dressing rooms to change and shower KNOWING that it ' s reserved for people with children under 17 . What does THAT tell you !
Drive thru is always ridiculously slow . Even at non - rush hours . Luckily they are in an area without a lot of options otherwise they ' d be out of business .
I was here this week and horrible service . Took 45 minutes between drinks and when brought to their attention they didn ' t even care . The food was very bad as well . Go elsewhere !
Tried to line up and order at 5 : 15pm on a Sunday . Told me to pretty much take a hike because they were closed . Mall closes at 6pm .
What ' s the fuss all about ? And if you want to have a conversation - forget about it - way too loud . Better choices out there .
Tickets state 5 : 15pm start time when it actually started at 7 ! ? ! ? Wtf ? ? ? ? Not cool ! Such a rip Off ! Thanks assholes !
Horrible company with horrible service . Dan is the only great employee left . . . save yourself and run .
$ 50 breakfast for two . Average food at best . Not worth the price , and the prices aren ' t even that high . Horrible service . Nice decor , clean tables and good overall cleanliness .
It definitely shows its age . The exercise facility is small and quite crowded . The pool is nothing to write home about . Well , at least it ' s cheap and clean .
Worst service i ' ve ever ever had . and they added a tip to my credit card unauthorized ! Be aware of credit card fraud at this place ! !
Funny how my review seems to have disappeared . I guess negative reviews aren ' t allowed . Just gave the facts .
There should be a no star option . . . . . Find another company , shocking this place could be in business
Out west chicken sandwich was good Corn dog was hours old Tea was mediocre Staff was friendly Bathrooms hadn ' t been cleaned in days Via ring around the toilet
Came in for a Mani and pedi with my l three - year old but after Pedi , decided to bounce . Not professional , and take tooooo long . Will look for other place .
do not get tires here i got tires a few weeks ago and one blew out almost killed me and one is completely flat
Awful service , the employees are lazy ! ! Literally ! ! I won ' t be back . Just shaking my head .
Too much styrofoam . They have no real dishes . Hot soup is in a styrofoam bowl . Egg roll are all doughy
Call me snobby but this is miles away from my definition of Italian food . Service is fine and portions are huge . Shared some calamari to start and that didn ' t go well with our stomachs .
This place suck the office manager is horrible stay away far away over charged me thousands
Went for Happy Hour . Food wasn ' t good , but the drinks were okay . The only thing I would recommend is the corn .
Worst customer service ever ! ! I signed up for yelp just to say this . . . . . food was not good .
Ordered a medium burger . Sawdust dry well done . Blue cheese had zero flavor . Out of tomato . Onion rings were ok . Will not return .
Broken and old games , ridiculously high bar prices and a very dirty place all around . Total waste of money .
Poor service at the entrance . Had to wait longer when others who arrive later get seated .
Nothing special and kind of boring . Food left much to be desired . Almost every drink I tried ordering was out and the draft menu was printed same day . Boo . Not worth the trip .
I shouldn ' t have come at 4pm and expect too much . I ordered the basil pork . Some pieces were warm , some pieces were cold . The spring roll was cold . Oh , well .
Worst service ever . I specifically asked if I can get my kids meal first . Of course not . Not busy at the . Place need to train the servers .
Immediate upsell from the advertised $ 20 to $ 35 . Half hearted massage . Loads of better places .
Used to eat here sometimes multiple times in a week because it ' s cheap and fast . Won ' t return after being featured on Dirty Dining ! One word : ROACHES
Love Greek food and always had . But for some reason this place just doesn ' t do it for me . Service is slow and the food is so so .
I only gave this place two stars because I just left it ' s been about 20 minutes ago and I haven ' t puked yet . . . The Pho is terrible especially for the price
dont do it omg its so bad service is terrible food is the worst run for your life . . . and probably to the toilet if you went through with it .
Not so much GF friendly . More Gluten Free & Lactose Free options please . It is a shame . We have 2016 . Staff friendly .
Didn ' t taste like jerk chicken for me . It was more like chicken with barbecue sauce . Major disappointment .
Class was fun for a bachelorette but not nearly worth the endless telemarketers . They force you to sign " release " and then sell your information .
Hipster pretentious food that only caters to the untrained western palate . It ' s boring !
Nobody likes a long wait for food and soggy fries : - /
Terrible customer service , they are rude , their food is over priced and it sucks ! I would not wipe my ass with this pizza !
Horrible , the absolute worst Thai food that I have ever had . No flavor , just bland . Made the mistake of ordering for takeout , took two bites and threw it out .
The wife and I use to bowl here . Has changed owners many times over the 25 years that we have lived here in FH . Haven ' t tried it lately , though .
Your new hours are terrible ! Your food is great , but now your never open . What the French Toast
horrible work ! scam ! ! ! did a crappy job . took my money and disappeared ! ! ! do not hire them ! they are awful ! ! ! !
The only thing good about this was the location , the food had hairs in it , the service was bad and they didnt have the drinks onThe menu , and the food was generic . Not impressed
bengning looks good and but the food was avarage . I spent the night in the restroom so no more zupas for me .
Min Perm make up is the biggest skam . She sells you 5 free touch ups but you can never book them as she never has any openings ! ! ? ?
Had the spaghetti and meatballs . Wow was it sour . At least the portion was good but I ' ve had way better
It was just okay . You get a lot of food but its kind of expensive for lunch . The Stew chicken was the best part . The Jerk was kind of a let down .
Servers were nice and attentive . portion size was average for price . Taste / flavor was below average . definitely not four stars later that night had my first MSG headache
I seen a rat and a roach right next to each other I would not recommend and they never seem to fail me with a homeless hammered person sitting around the drive thru
Both gates of Dog Park were closed today July 31 , 2017 . For No Good reason . This is absolutely unnecessary . Closed for 3 or more days to do something to lighting .
This is the worst taco bell ever . My food was cold and the lettuce was old and almost brown . I will never eat at this one again . .
service is hit - and - miss . food is typical red lobster .
This place is overpriced cheap Mexican food . It ' s not terrible , but it certainly isn ' t good . The portions are large , and there ' s a nice patio .
I tried to substitute tomatoes for onions and they charged me 59 cent ! They are nickel and dining me . . . must be struggling
The first time was ok but the second time the nail technician almost pulled off my natural nail to where I started bleeding .
Food sucks , way overpriced and the staff are rude . . . the perfect trifecta to have a horrible food experience . How do I give these guys zero stars ? One is too generous .
Yuck ! Omelet overdone , hash browns cold and oatmeal runny ! Don ' t recommend this place . Service is slow too . Save your money . Go to ihop
The first impression leads you to believe there is a concern for timeliness I have to say this location is much slower and less customer service oriented then the Scottsdale road and Osborn location .
Was OK but with all the hype I expected much more . Very little meat on my sandwich with a whole lot of anything but meat . OK at best
Have loved Restore in the past . Drove 30mins for a acai bowl . The bowl was filled to the brim with acai and very skimpy on fruit and granola . They are no Playa Bowl !
Usually this place is pretty great but this particular time they were ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE ! I don ' t see myself coming to this restaurant anymore smh !
If you want to have a terrible time in Las Vegas , find dimitry or " Dima " in Margaritaville . This rude Russian racist will be sure to ruin your Las Vegas getaway . AVOID !
They need more customer service people peak hours . The management should already be aware of this
7 : 45 on a Weds night . 6 people in the dining hall and none at the bar . ' Kitchen is backed up - we won ' t serve you for another hour . ' Really ?
I ordered the chicken fried steak which was good . The scrambled that came with are ice cold . I ordered a side of extra crispy bacon and it is really bad .
Server with buzz haircut as rude . Place was dirty . Sure the interior is kitsch and cute in a 1950 ' s way but the quality isn ' t great
Horrible Service . Period . Finished my beer before ever getting the waitress to take our food order as she was flirting with customers at the bar . Stay Away .
Poor customer service . . horrible waitresses that can take an order correctly and the wait for the food was almost an hour . . Will never go back there , but the fillet will try another Olive Garden
Big spacious nice open area . Great for hosting video game tournaments . i would not eat here again though . The shrimp basket was some of the worst bar food I have ever had
ok casino but the buffet is not good at all very bland nothing stands out
I know molasses that moves faster than this line . Also - why are the staff rude ? It ' s not my fault your line is long . Also generally not very helpful .
Awful ! The sushi is average , at best , and over priced . The service is terrible . I would highly recommend that you travel a few more blocks to Sushi Rock .
Worst service ever . So slow . Don ' t come here unless your ready to wait 30 min for an iced americano
Worst hibachi I have had for the most price I ' ve ever paid . Barely enough dry chicken to eat with the mounds of dry rice . Go to nanas or Jersey Mike ' s .
This location does not accept manufacturer coupons for Marlboro ' s . Management was very rude when I asked them why , since other locations do .
I stopped going here because they constantly have only one person working . Subway with one person is beyond slow .
Typical Mexican chain restaurant . Lots of salt , cheese , and carbs ( oversized burritos , chips & salsa , rice , etc . ) . Too many places like this in the Valley .
Just a FYI . According to DineSafe Toronto , this establishment received only a yellow " conditional " pass on the last inspection which was Feb . 1st 2012 . They had 2 " significant " issues .
Had a reservation for a large group , and got bumped by a larger group that called later . Apparently money is more important than service or common courtesy at Mimi ' s .
This place is so poorly run and soooo dirty . Everyone runs around like a chicken with their head cut off in the morning and it is so unorganized . Waiting 20 minutes for a bagel is ridiculous !
Ordered chicken and vegetable Got home with shrimp and vegetables Not happy , didn ' t eat it , and was to far to return .
yuck . my body hurts from eating the food and my soul hurts for making my body do it . Barf - o : (
This place was highly rated . . but I am not sure why . The food was too expensive and just okay .
Service was excellent . Food was just okay . Basic and bland . The cheese has a weird consistency . . . not sure what it ' s made of . . . scary . . . .
food decent if you can get service . drinks are watered - down top much sour mix . tried there twice and failed both times
poor delivery timing . if they estimate max wait 1hr 25 min which is already ridiculous expect 2 plus hours ! will never use service again ! better to use a restaurant with delivery
This restaurant is unbelievable garbage ! Will never enter again ! Some seafood is not fresh , soup is too salty . And the delivery is way too slow . NEVER COME ! AND NO REFUND !
Stopped for lunch . The pulled pork is filled with spices . Good meat should be smoked to perfection , not need added stuff . I couldn ' t eat it .
The car wash was not so good today . I paid for an additional service and it was not performed .
Was at Robinson location Wednesday morning 7am not one drop of coffee made employees arguing over who ' s job it is to make it terrible experience will go to sheetz from now on
This is one of the slowest Starbucks ever . The drive through is always 10 cars deep and takes about thirty minutes to get coffee . Very limited parking in front of the place also .
The manager was rude ! They don ' t attend the customers in line . I had to wait 20 minutes to get some ketchup !
Sorry , but this was the worst pizza we have ever had . Like a cheap grocery pizza cooked to death with miserly amount of toppings . Won ' t be around long if mine was an example .
It is simply a big KNOCKOFF store ! ! ! Will never shop here ! ! !
went twice . both times sucked . frozen vegan muffins . yuck . cheap turkey wrap and charging you 10 $ ? ? ? gross
Baked in speeding tickets to the renewal price and would not budge off that number even with the ticket coming off the record prior to the renewal . Inflexibility led me to a competitive solution .
Thirsty . Driving by . Got drink . Found that the Diet Sweet Tea is WAY SWEET . Multiple homeless people lying on curb , seeming to be disoriented . Really not a great location .
Good service , awful food . I had dinner here . Got French Onion soup . Wasn ' t that good . Got a pasta with grilled chicken . . . ended up just eating the noodles .
The food is good EXCEPT the shushi , stay away from the sushi bar . It ' s not fresh ! For the price it ' s okay .
Very expensive you can get the same service for cheaper price at other nail salon . Nothing special about it .
Came on a Saturday and literally got kicked out since they were too busy . Won ' t ever try again .
Miniscule ghetto selection of items . Makes no sense , considering Brookline is the 2nd largest neighborhood in Pittsburgh and is so close to downtown . Some of the clerks have no social skills .
Wow this line is taking forever to check in . Beautiful hotel but everything costs money from valet to wifi . . .
It ' s pitiful that this Apple Store has been closed for months and no one seems to be able to say when it ' s reopening . Absolute poor marketing by not keeping the general public informed !
Okay - I know this doesn ' t make sense , but somehow , the location in the Eaton Centre food court is way better . I was really disappointed in the BBQ pork noodle soup here .
DO NOT USE THiS SERVICE ! ! Very unprofessional and dishonest . We waited more than an hour for our shuttle . We travel frequently and this is the worst parking / shuttle experience ever !
They over charged my debit card by $ 1 . 75 . Watch your statements . I used to love this place and never checked my Receipts . Guess I was to trusting .
A bit pricey , mediocre cocktails , the ahi tuna salad wasn ' t very good , & the mussels app was too tiny . Theme is lacking .
Nothing special , just a place to get a quick and healthy bite to eat . Disappointed that the Orange and carrot juice wasn ' t fresh squeezed , the price indicted as such .
I had a reservation at this hotel and cancelled well kn advance of my visit . They still charged me my first nighy anyway ! I will never reserve a room with them again .
Nothing special . Just okay food . I would go out of may way for other places which are very good but not this one . Note that they only take cash .
Slow service cant pay with credit through speed service third party . Very difficult to get a hold of them .
Not bad for cardboard . On second thought I may have accidentally eaten the box . In all seriousness I would pass and find another place . Pizza was over cooked and had little flavor .
This is not a bad place if you really need to get your eyebrows done . The service is pretty quick and it ' s cheap . You get what you pay for !
good food - shitty customer service . they had forgot part of my order and said they would " give it to me next time " and refused to bring it . never ordering from them again .
Wrong order . . . again ! Tried to go up to get it fixed and was met with a rude response . Just ended up leaving without it and won ' t be returning . Very diappointed .
Food is not close to authentic or tasty Mexican food . Ate there once and never returned . Try Tito ' s - just a mile away . Better menu and ambience .
Lousy over zealous life grds . Won ' t even let you float on your back . Lifeguards are power monger idiots here ! I was a 10 year lifeguard and they are not trained or professional .
Slow as heck . Don ' t even know why I waste my time coming here . They also close the dining room early .
Good steak . I just wasn ' t overly impressed , I can cook a steak just as well and it was too expensive . Typical tourist strip joint .
This dealership overcharges double the rate of Gilbert Mercedes on a windshield lane departure warning reset . 300 dollars was the rate quoted versus 155 with Gilbert Mercedes .
are you kidding me ? worst hair cut EVER . hiroki was rude and did not even consider what I wanted in a haircut . NOT impressed and not even worthy of a single star
Nice atmosphere but overpriced for decent taco ' s . Interesting drink menu but again , theyre proud of them ! $ $ $ $
First it a boring place no music server look upset wait time for simple plates is outrageous ! Dont come here
My wallet got stolen from here . Every time , , I call the place no one answers either . I ' m never going there again . Sketchy people go there and steal from innocent people .
The lounge enviroment is ok but there is no air conditioning . Me and both my friend puked after the sheesha .
Atrocious customer service . This is a place I used to visit occasionally . After tonight ' s visit , they ' ve definitely lost my business .
Kushi bar will close at the end of August ( may already be closed ) http : / / 77square . com / food / restaurants / story _ 462727
I went here and I got a toe nail infection ! Also , one of my nails was done 3x and it still was messy : (
They are closed in less than 6 months ! ! Really people ? 3rd restaurant in the last couple of years to go out of business in that spot . Sad but true .
Had a very bad blow dry here . Super cuts would do a better service for lesser price . Totally disappointed !
A lot of Italian options in Las Vegas . Most don ' t take over an hour to get the main course to the table . I don ' t recommend this place .
This was the worst hotel we have stayed at . l in Las Vegas by far ! ! Dirty is an understatement when describing this hotel . Outdated and nothing like they advertise .
I will never go back to this place , poor quality of materials used , also they ripped my skin by my toe during a pedicure and never apologized . I will NOT recommend this place to others .
Service was horrible . Nothing special about the food . The place looked ok . I won ' t ever return to that restaurant chain .
UGH Long lines for stale donuts . Worst donut shop EVER ! ! Always out of several different items . DO NOT GO HERE ! ! !
This place does not deserve a star . Drinks are not good . Boba is not real . Price is too high . Also , the dragon breath ripped off my cousins taste bud .
Fraud . Stay away . Bad . Bad . Bad ! ! ! ! One bite and it ' s over . Way way . Over priced . The one bite is not even good .
Stay far far away from this place . Lackluster food and staff moves so slowly and are all quite rude . Likely will be out of business when their lease is up .
Meh . Don ' t get the hype . No different than the water and ice places on every street corner . Service was cold , too .
Nice patio , smartass service , one in three meals was reasonably fresh . Better places to eat on the lake .
Worst buffet ever . Noodles were hard . Prime rib over cooked . Everything was bland and gross
Just bad customer service , everything else is what you expect from a standard buffalo wild wings .
It ' s great if you ' re drunk , hungry and it ' s late but california sandwiches makes better veal sandwiches for sure and i ' ve had much better arancini elsewhere .
Definitely a place to try only once . Staff is friendly but the food is not as authentic as you might expect might as well have gone to a Felibertos !
Very rude workers and poor customer service . . . never shopping from this location again
Makino buffet is ok , quality of the food is not all that great .
I got " bed bugs bite " After check out last Saturday at 11 : 30 am March , 10 , 2018 . went go home I went Kaiser Permanente Hospita .
Not authentic tacos . If you like fusion and tex mex this is a good place to go . Good selection of rum . I would reccomend the guacamole .
I would give negative stars if I could . The service is horrible and the workers are extremely rude . The food sucks . I am NEVER coming here again .
The pizza tastes like cardboard . I do like their hot wings though , that ' s about it . Absolutely last choice for pizza .
This place is trash . While the pics look great the food was bland as hell . I tried 5 different things and tjey were all awful . Seriously . I will never go back her again .
The line here is always insane and they ' re painfully slow . I don ' t think I ' ve ever shopped here and waited less than 30 minutes in line .
I went here on a Friday night and the bouncer didn ' t know how to do his job . He couldn ' t tell the difference between a real and fake ID !
The worst Sephora ever they are never in stock and they don ' t even know their products . If i could rate them a zero i would .
Food is great , but don ' t bother to make reservation . Made a reservation at 7 , showed up 6 : 50 and they gave the table to walkin who showed up earlier . Bad service
Good service pretzels were dry and the cheese was in a container . Would love if the pretzels were fresh and the cheese was warm and melted the flavor of the snacks are bland and quite salty .
Don ' t try ordering a mixed drink at the bar their liquor license won ' t allow it unless you have food in front off you . Weird right ?
An earlier visit to urgent care that costs 100 is now being charged 400 by banner ever since they took over Urgent care . Patients beware this is day light robbery
This kings is so old , run down and slow . Honestly if you take an extra five minutes to continue driving in either direction of this kings you will find something 10x more worth going to
If you can stand a cold and detached doctors . . . then this group is for you
This place has good reviews but my order is going on an hour and still no food . You need to work on punctuality . . . . after all I paid immediately ! !
Absolutely the worst sushi in Toronto I have ever had . The salmon appears to have gone through a microwave ( see my photo ) , tuna is flaking and grey . So bad we sent it back .
It was so so . Took a while to get our drinks out . The pastries were really hard ; not soft . All in all it was . . . . meh .
Younger girl acted like she didn ' t want to serve us ! Not friendly at all ! Will definitely not be going back ! !
Misquoted me a price and continues to be rude and stops my service halfway . Listen to the reviews and don ' t support this business
Expensive and average were my takeaways on dinner at the China Grill . The food was not as good as a CheeseCake Factory , and I would just skip this place
Cox cable internet never works . They charge you a bunch of money . Then they will never help you .
Overpriced average tasting burritos , regular is like a small , might as well just go to FitForLife and get two burritos for the same price that almost tastes identical . Should have checked the reviews first .
Service was slow and by the glass wine selection is lacking . Hopefully it improves with time .
Crap service . Wrong bagel . Couldn ' t even remember what I asked for . What else can I say ? ? ? ?
Used to be one of my favorite places . Now none of the employees speak English and its a terrible annoyance to try and get what you want .
Terrible . No apples in kids neal . Order 20 piece nuggets , got 10 . Don ' t answer there phone . You owe me big time .
Let ' s just say it took forever to get dinner we didn ' t get a glass of water . . . Horrible horrible services had about 6 ppl serving us . . Never again
NO NO NO , this placemakes Panda Express seem gourmet . Garbage food !
Terrible service . Staff lacks any common sense and ability to properly seat customers .
It was so flipping cold here , I barely had time to enjoy my whopper or say anything good about the experience !
I came here since it opened 7yrs . Ago It was good then the food quality went south the price went up too bad I just live 2min . From this place
good food , sloppy unfriendly service . I just can ' t recommend eating here . get it to go . staff is unsmiling , and unfriendly
The pepperoni ' s tasted stale . I couldn ' t believe they would send that nasty pizza out . My family could not eat this horrible pizza .
Nasty food , the meat was old and cold and the veggies were even colder the employee was lazy and instead of making it fresh he decided to serve food that was sitting there for a while
The manager is the rudest I have ever dealt with . . . . he acts as if it ' s an inconvenience to do a pourover . . . reminder Starbucks sells coffee moron
Poor customer service ruined an otherwise decent breakfast .
Do NOT order BBQ wings . Pretty sure they we basically dipped in BBQ sauce or ketchup after being microwaved . Also , very pricey . Bad experience .
Worst . Chipotle . Ever . They take forever . No parking . And today . . . they ran out of guac ! !
Once upon a time , this place was great ; presently , it ' s a different story . I recommend avoiding this place . There are so many other options that won ' t leave you disappointed .
Way over priced . Food waa okay , but I had a salad with four shrimp on top and a bottle of mineral water . Came to $ 20 ! For salad and water !
Worst T - Mobile store ever . Every person are good for absolutely nothing . They always make excuses for why they can ' t fix the problem . HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE .
I went there this morning . . . . and the clerk was so rude to me . That ' s the last time I go back there !
Good food . Stuck up hostess , very unprofessional They had an hour wait and and half the tables were empty . . . . .
Small portions , poor meat to vegetable ratio , not that flavorful , but they had decent service i guess .
Wooo this is an A ball stadium at best . What a dump . Lousy concessions were only offset by the cheap ticket prices . Jumbotron is from the 90s . The Mets deserve better .
wow peanut buster parfait sooooo bad . . more nuts then ice cream so salty rude staff . . not one bite of ice cream without a nut so did not hit the spot
Extremely slow speed and low quality service having horrible experiences with this cafe .
Went to the Warhol exhibit . Save your money and buy the coffee table book . For the price they are charging you should be able to get in to a real museum .
Not a happy camper . Just starting out with my business and the customer service skills with the sales department are just not there . I will be taking my business elsewhere .
Horrible service . They couldnt seat us for 20 minutes even though there are open seats . Waited another 15 for a server . Ill go to tempe next time or just not here
There was a bit of wait was told to sign in and leave and come back . Lady was a little rude . Won ' t be back .
It could have been a really good experience but the service ruined it all . I would recommend everyone to double check what they are ordering .
Management is awful ! Most of the staff are just rude kids . The manager yells and cusses at the customers and treats his employees badly as well . I would not recommend this location at all .
Drinks are good but the octopus and steak tacos were super salty . Couldn ' t even finished them .
Less than impressed . Teenage staff needs coaching on customer service . Not listening and back talk to customers when they are wrong is unacceptable . First visit and likely our last .
Food was just ok . Guacamole tasted like crap . $ 7 ! ! ! For a tiny bowl of doo doo . Chips were stale and the tacos tasted old . Would not return .
This location is notorious for having everything on their shelves one day away from expiry or already expired . Very disappointed and will not return having noticed this more commonly over the past few months .
Doesn ' t honor coupon . " Special menu with markup prices "
Probably the worst McDonalds in Las Vegas . They can never get your order correct . So either your burger will be made wrong , or will be missing from your bag completely once you get home !
Average food . Terrible service in the restaurant : unpleasant older lady . They charged us for freaking bread before our meal that took 1hour to get here . Never going back : (
Nothing special . The Mekong Palace still better but this is my second dim sum . Still looking . .
There were 2 dead flies in the fried rice . Eeks ! I don ' t know if the authorities have checked out their kitchen . It ' s extremely unhygienic . Order at your own risk .
The food was terrible and salsa was the worst I ever had , very bland and boring . Overall not a pleasant experience .
compare fees before you use , esp payoff fees or other fees . They will not do your papers after payoffs . we have used both as lender and borrower . Will not recommend .
Last call at 12 : 15 with customers in the place on a Wednesday ? ? ? Wish they would stay open later when their are customers present
Very marginal . The skate was over cooked . The lamb was tough . The French onion soup had far too much wine .
Update : The Manager contacted us and gave us credit for 1 night . We appreciate the gesture however all would have been well if they had just fixed the problem when we originally had called down .
Service is good but food and environment is not good . Restaurant is not the cleanest . Won ' t go back and don ' t compare to other Red Lobsters .
This place is a double carb load ! Every meal is made with a potato in it and served with rice . No vegetables here , well I guess unless you count the potatoes .
Not impressed . . . the flavors are bit bland . Not up to gelato standards I ' ve had in other places .
They have a C grade hidden between two A ' s near the cash register in the back hidden from the entrance and the entire left side of the restaurant . Once my favourite spot but no longer .
Not my favorite Starbucks , poor customer service and they would only give us one gift card even though we bought two k - cup packs . Will go to the Safeway location next time .
Some time later . . . still no response from Outback Auto Wash . Apparently they don ' t care about customers or their satisfaction . .
Clean lobby but blanket was filthy , holes in sheets . Armchair looked like my Lab ate it . Pool had cracking concrete . Rug was moist , ugh . Breakfast was ok .
always really busy , great price for pizza but i would recommend you call your order in first .
Horrible front office ! Very rude and when you inform them of their mistake they deny it then want to argue about it . Customer service goes a long way !
The crowd here is extremely entitled and the staff is rude . I was not helped . Nobody even noticed I walked out . I won ' t return .
Rude and impatient . I will NEVER buy a vehicle from this company because of the employees in this establishment .
Lindsay drove thru wait I ' ve ever had , and there was only one car in front of me ! Something needs to be done about proper staffing .
I got food poisoning from this location . Avoid this place if you dont want to have to take the day off from work because of severe diarrhea .
The food was not good for the price you pay . Everything was bland tasting . It all looked good on the plates , but the taste was just not there .
Waited in line for 30 mins . They told me they don ' t do refills here . What ? ? ? ? Where ' s the sign for that ? Thanks Starbucks !
Only because zero stars is not an option . Waited over 30 minutes for breakfast and then it wasn ' t what we ordered .
Super slow and poor customer service . Spent 32 minutes in the drive thru line ! Yikes won ' t be back .
Food is not bad and when I paid with cash , the server told me they do not accept old version of $ 100 bills without the strip ! ! !
TERRIBLE service . Terrible . We bought a pitcher of beer and it took 15 min to get cups . . . .
This place is not as good as other viet restaurant in town . Mainly the broth is not as concentrated as others .
So I hate going to the att store locations . There is always a line . And one associate just sits there to type your name in the wait list . What a waste of time .
The rice and the noodles are always old here never fresh and as for your meat you pick always dried out not worth the time go the the mcdonalds right next to it
Worst customer service ever . Would never go back . The girls at the front desk are very rude and snarky .
* * * * * CLOSED * * * * It was closed , bare and NO notices signifying if they are remodeling or just shut down . Very disappointed
worst service ever experienced ! ! ! ! ! very incompetent and rude staff for extremely average sushi . And not that cheap .
There is not enough server so I didnt get help as much as I need and it is very expensive and air conditioner is broken
Went there on thursday at 6pm and the place was closed . Please update the hours . It was quite a walk from my hotel : - (
Fancy , expensive but nothing great ! But the view inside the Venetian is spectacular . We tried their lemon flavor which was sweetened frozen water .
Longest wait ever . Had to wait over an hour for a table and the food was not worth the wait . We aren ' t coming back
The coupons are misleading . The staff are not properly informed or can ' t keep up with the advertised promotions and either don ' t honor the promotion or give you the wrong promo items .
To be fair I only ate here once and it was delivered . That being said the pizza was burnt and it took over and hour to get the food .
LITERALLY THE WORST SERVICE AND WASTE OF MONEY . No customer service super long wait to see a waiter . Had to ask twice for the bill . Never coming back to this Demetres
Worst customer service I ' ve ever seen . They take forever getting back to you after you have left messages . I would highly recommend going somewhere else for medical supplies .
I ' ve been here twice for service and both times , the staff have been extremely rude . I now drive out of my way to Henderson just for dealership services .
Food is uninspired , dry , tasteless and bland . Not worth the effort , not just because of the food , but because it is always busy for some reason .
It is too expensive to eat here . But the sandwich was okay ish . I had a Philly cheesesteak and it didn ' t really have any flavor : (
Will never go back again . Absolute worse service I ' ve ever experienced !
There was a line at this place of people waiting to order breakfast . Their hrs say they are open from 5 am - 10 am .
We had a birthday diner for our niece . . 9 people . Service was cold and not caring . Would not comeback to spend over 300 $
Fries undercooked . Hair in fries . Gyro ok meat , toppings . Nothing great . Luckily I got it to go - or they would take it back .
Seriously ! ! ! ! ! The least they can do is acknowledge you and say hello , we will be right with you . Rude employees ! ! !
Had a bad experience here . Bartender tried to say I tipped him 25 $ on an 18 $ bill but when he brought out the receipt it was obvious I didn ' t .
The fried shrimp was really good but every thing else was typical of a chinese restaurant . Nothing special . . .
The food is not worth the money . I have had much better Chinese food for much less and the service was a huge let down considering it was in the Caesar Palace hotel .
They close hours earlier than their time posted on the door . I assume they close early because they need a serious health inspection . They should probably just go out of business . Wasting our time .
Contracted food poisoning from vegetarian soup . I ' ve never been so sick . Never again ! ! ! !
Mac and cheese very good . BBQ , just ok .
Not for vegetarians , very loud and slow service . It was so loud the waitress had a hard time taking our order and impossible to have a conversation .
Super slow hostess with empty tables . Probably not a good idea for lunch . Or parties more than 4 .
I wish the Horseshoe Cleveland Casino buffet would change there salad bar to an actual salad bar with lots of toppings & dressings . Then it would be worth going .
First time going , did not get my order correct but was nice with redoing my order . Cashier was kind of rude but over it was alright
Long story short every employee at this location needs to be fired . Worst customer service ever . They refused to serve my wife and I and ended kicking us out of the dinning area .
If you are ok with incompetent young people handling your money , then hang out here
Don ' t go . They will send you to other rentals like firefly who will cheat you and rip you . . . .
The dish ware wasn ' t clean and the food was tasteless especially the dumplings were disappointing
Bad customer service and car gets a be wash job for 100 never coming back 1st n last time I get way better work done n treatment somewhere else
The cashier is as smart as a box of rocks . This place is horrible . There are better places to get coffee and sandwich .
Never had a worse experience at a gym . The staff was unpleasant and difficult and management was even worse . I won ' t ever be going back .
Slow service , very rude , except for one of the waiters ( robert ) he was the only decent part of this place , food was ok ok that ' s all
I used to work there for several months . I don ' t want to talk too much here . But for your health , avoid this place . Trust me .
Conveyor oven is not the way to make a real pizza ! Can ' t even eat it ! Soggy and not cooked !
The food is amazing here hands down but the service is horrible . I have been to several Korean restaurants in the area and the are very attentive but not this one .
Not the best ice cream around service is friendly but for the price I would expect better quality ice cream .
Mediocre food with extreme high prices . Came here for years and loved it . The last 2 days waiter can ' t get the order right and $ 75 for a family breakfast way too much .
Very upset that the shrimp tempura wasn ' t deveined ! ! My shrimp were full of poop ! $ 8 for poop infested shrimp thanks !
I don ' t have any ideas why Dash Biscuits house has so many good reviews . I went here and got very bad experience . worst customer service I ever had my life .
This place is a joke . 50 % of the games are out of service . I ' m taking my business to D & Bs
I ' m not paying you to read articles online . Stop limiting it and just put a couple of ads on the page .
Had the roti and panner butter masala here and ended up having a diarrhea . Worst experience ever ! ! The panner was stale ! ! Wouldn ' t recommend this place to anyone ! !
Just don ' t bother . Rude service and stale donuts . 3 hours before close and they had next to nothing . Do they only make one batch a day ? Save your money and go elsewhere .
Stay away from this place . My wife has food poisoning from their fiesta quesadilla as I am writing this review . She has in bed and the bathroom all day . And the day before mothers day .
If I Could put half a Star I WOULD ! ! ! ! 1 . Food not that Good for the price ( high ) Not Recommend to friends or family or strangers ! ! !
The food looks a lot better online than it actually is . It was extremely hot inside . Waiter informed us the AC is broken . Not a very good dining experience in my opinion .
Rooms are very nice but service was horrible . Supposed to check in at 3 but kept me waiting until 5 .
Horrible customer service did not fulfill my order properly had to return several times
Poor service from a dismissive and inaudible waitress , with appetizers that were probably less than a quarter of a serving per plate at $ 7 each . Disappointing .
If you are that bad and know it , why even try ? It is just a lifeless husk of what Julio G ' s used to be . Basically mexican hospital food .
BAD ! food is bad ; drink is acceptable . . . . . . go there only because they open til midnight .
just ok now . not even a fan really anymore its just not that great . only eat here if I have a flat tire in the area .
Well , 9 months of uselessness . Poster child for the ills of the insurance industry ? My suggestion would be , don ' t bother talking with their claims folks , go right for the lawyer !
Rude & uninformed staff . Sales girl did not know what an insurance appraisal was .
The won tons in the soup fell apart broth had zero flavor . My summer roll had very little chicken in is . Disappointed ! ! !
Gross food . Everything people say about the wait is true . Bad service . Won ' t be coming back .
I cannot shop at this grocery store anymore . The parking lot is horrific and the store is always crowded . We definitely need a specialty grocery store in the Providence / Centennial Area .
Attempted to go for breakfast this morning . The restaurant was empty , yet the " greeter " insisted there would be a 10 minute wait in her fake snooty accent . Pathetic . Obviously I went else where
The owner is an asshole . He does not deserve any stars but this can ' t post without a rating .
Eh . And , trust me , I wish I felt more for this place as I was really excited to try it . Go to Cartel , man .
Made an appointment at 3 : 30 , wasn ' t helped u til 4 : 15 and have been sitting here just waiting for my appointment !
Service is extremely poor and very unorganized . No greetings and smiles from waitresses . Food is fair and location is ghetto . Definitely won ' t return the next time .
awful bartender service . spend your money somewhere else . . 15min to get a drink and the bar wasnt that busy .
Pretty good don ' t care about there by policy for plate charge if your splitting meal so for that I brought the rating down .
I showed up at 8 : 50 and the little girl inside must ' ve decided to close early . not cool .
Ordered from mr . Cook ' s Chinese based on other reviewers . This was the worst Chinese food I think I ' ve ever had . After a few bites we ended up just throwing it away .
Too expensive with extra coverage they slyly encourage you to take . Didn ' t have our vehicle ready per confirmation . Never will rent from them again .
Worst place to go never get your order right . Rude and hangs up on you . . . . Don ' t recommend this place for anyone ! ! !
What ' s the purpose of offering web orders if you can ' t get them right ? Today , for the FOURTH time in a row , my order came back to me wrong ! Not acceptable !
Nice selection of eyeglasses but it would behoove staff to greet and initiate customer services ; after 20 - 25 minutes of being ignored ; I left .
Ordered chicken biriyani for takeout today . Terrible . . Lacks flavor . The chicken was tough . The biriyani has a weird smell . Clearly used old masalas to make the biriyani .
Went there today for lunch , walked out . They no longer have all you can eat , and the prices have increased tremendously . Will not be back .
got so sick . there route 99 was so greasy it was oily and gross couldnt even finish it . had the worst stomach flu for 2 days .
Your average pub food . Nothing overly great about this place . Probably won ' t be back unless I have a coupon .
Overpriced , inconsistent flavors , odd hours . Cuisine itself , however , is very enjoyable .
The food was okay but our entire experience wasn ' t great . We most likely won ' t be going back especially when there ' s a restaurant similar down the street .
One of the worse cafes I ever been to in Toronto . Terrible and rude customer service .
Incredibly rude on the phone , unhelpful , unprofessional . Avoid this place at all costs . Won ' t be trying to book this again . Incredibly dissatisfied .
Saturday afternoon - 1 server - wouldn ' t even let us get a drink at the bar while we waited for a table to come available
Security would not let me in said they were closed yet an older man was ok to come in . He made rude remarks and walked away . Very unprofessional : /
Poor service . At least check on us instead of walking by and looking the other way . I would not recommend John as your bartender !
This a nice place for wings and drinks . The pizza was overpriced for the quality . $ 18 for a pizza that you won ' t enjoy . Walmart pizza has higher quality . Never again
I probably was there between shifts or they had to slaughter a pig to make bacon . But seriously forty minutes for a BLT was a bit much .
well , wifi is not for free . Food sucks . Far from downtown but you can take either monorail or bus .
price went up , quality went down and quantity is less . the fruits are not even fresh . It was good when first open now it ' s not that good .
Terrible terrible food - I actually felt guilty dragging my friend here for dinner . Terrible service - and terrible ambiance . That is all .
It was just okay . Rubbery steak fajitas and fishy tasting shrimp . Margaritas were good but not $ 15 good .
So as it turns out the finger my manicurist ripped is infected , and an ingrown nail on my other hand . I regret leaving a tip . Terrible experience .
Don ' t even know where to begin . . . horrendous service , food took 45 minutes . . . will only buy liquids from brazz going forward .
I can ' t believe I ate chicken from this place . You could tell the employees hated their jobs . The worst customer service .
My ny strip was very tough ! Thought my knife was dull , but it was not . Would not come back !
Worse customer service . Man up looked like he had no desire to work gave attitude when asked for help .
They gave me a whopping $ 2 for brand new shoes and a brand new floatee swimsuit . Im going to Other Mothers from now on to sell .
The food is average . Service is horrible here . Be prepare to wait at least 30 minutes for your food . The restaurant is not clean . I saw a couple of cockroaches crawling around .
Won ' t even price match THEIR OWN WEBSITE . Laaaaaaaame . Just stick with Amazon . No wonder B & N can ' t compete .
It ' s a pain in the ass for us locals to drive near the strip thanks over priced concerts , I can download the music for free and have the same effect as a 130 dollar ticket .
Atmosphere was nice . . . . . . . . waiter was great . . . . . . do not order the NY strip , over cooked and more than half of it was fat
Too many out of order machines , def for the locals as its a coinless laundromat , on a great note , the attendant was extremely helpful !
Worst service I have ever seen , long lines and they only have 2 people taken orders this is just bad management ! !
the best cat food in tempe ! i wish they would respect our privacy and right to not have them solicit our complex with taping ther adverts throughout our complex against our rules . . . .
Bartender Terry is by far the rudest bartender I have ever met in my life . He was down right offensive . Line to check in waaay too long . Will NEVER NEVER stay here again .
This place is gross service sucks . i think I just heard bartender say she needs to poop : / .
Staffing issues , management ? Haven ' t seen only 3 workers at the counters at Starbucks in ages . Can ' t keep up with the volume .
Great beer selection and knowledgeable , friendly staff . However I left my credit card there - - they said they had it , then lost it , with no apologies offered .
Needs total redesign . From how travelers get through airport , to rental car facilities to clear signage to horrible WiFi . Rental car facility is miles from airport .
Beds are hard . Bathroom could use some attention . Staff is good though . Not what I expected from comfort inn at all .
Everything tastes prefab . I want impressed with the wait staff either . Not a great place to go for your birthday .
Arrived , sat around for 30 minutes before they gave us menus . Then we sat around for 30 minutes and nobody took our order . We left and went to a different place .
Don ' t expect them to wear gloves . One lady is cooking pizza in sandals . Not sure it ' s worth getting sick eating here . Also , not the friendliest people .
Worst sandwich place . Weird sandwiches . Doesn ' t taste good at all . I suggest not to go here
I ' m giving you guys one star because you have an open white supremacist reporter who still has her job with your company , I thought you guys were against racism and white supremacy . . .
This place was DISGUSTING ! The sandwich was not even seasoned ! No one else was in there so their food should have been MUCH better than it was ! I am NEVER going back !
Very poor service . . . we were asked to hurry up and order so they can flip tables ! So rude ! Very poorly ran ! ! !
Probably the slowest and worst Starbucks I know . Especially the drive - thru . I visit cause it ' s close to my gym but I always get the " sorry about the wait " line .
Food is average . Extremely overpriced . Service was not that great either . Bartender , bathroom attendant , and show host were all very friendly and fun . As a local I would not go back .
Not how it used to be , the employees don ' t take the time to make your drinks . Mine just taste like shaved ice
It ' s Jack in the Crack but worse because it ' s next to Sexxpresso and you ' re not there . Good SCFries
I wanted to update that the acrylic on my left ring finger gave me a possible fungal infection that was very painful , so I ' m downgrading to two stars . : /
The food and service were undesirable to say the least . . . the ONLY good thing about this place was the singing by one of the waiters ! I highly DO NOT RECOMMEND ! !
Didn ' t stay long as the environment was not very inviting and there was not much of a food selection .
It may be a bargain but it ' s not worth the effort . Too long a wait , especially waiting for the shuttle at the airport . Save yourself the trouble and take a cab .
The service sucks , the food is decent but expensive for the portions .
Warning ! Please don ' t go there , fresh maybe . Service OK . I don ' t think they know how to mix flavors good . It was freakishly weird - tasting .
Poor customer service . They take forever to get your order ready specially the drive through window .
If I can give this place negative stars I would ! These folks are so rude ! Very condescending and insulting !
This is the only Cook Out I have ever been to that does not have the dollar shakes , for this reason , I do not go to this location and head over to Concord Mills .
Joanna is a great place to come if you enjoy waiting for an hour to get a yard of fabric cut . Honestly I was number 28 in line .
Terrible customer service . Stood in line for 5 minutes trying to get a cup and I ended up walking away . Great reminder why I never come here .
Tour guy brought us here . I feel sorry for my stomach , the food really sucks .
worst laundromat of all time . . . nothing works . . . it stinks . . . avoid at all costs ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Décor correct mais le menu est lamentable . Beaucoup de combos ou forfaits imposés pas vraiment une place pour les amateurs de sushis .
The food was ok but service not ok . The store is small so if want say customer something I think the voice is high .
Firts place to see the resturant put the tip on a behalf of you ! ! ! ! Good food , but service is not
Staff is arrogant and cares not to help anyone . I shopped here several times before I decided to post this thinking it was an isolated problem . It ' s not . Move on . . .
Have had multiple bad experiences here . The people always try to make money off of you and are never straightforward and always late .
Fly in my food , enough said . Only giving them two stars instead of one because their flavors were good . Would ' ve been good had I not seen the fly . - . -
Crappy crappy drinks . What you read and order is not what you get ! If you have to verify what they put in the drinks vs . what is ordered - bad service .
Awful . They do a bait and switch with their " drink specials " so beware . The place is filthy and waiters are overwhelmed .
Everything just taste either meh or bad . They really need to put a gosh darn chipotle in the area
It ' s ok at best . Nothing special . Still on the hunt for best ayce sushi . Yokohama is still our number one .
Average BBQ spot at best . Better places Uptown and much better places outside of Uptown . Not a place I plan to visit again .
I will not be as harsh as the other reviews but it is an old person resturant . Food was very bland and waitress was not very happy .
Who serves pressed juice with ice ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! , first watch in Pittsburgh does and they don ' t understand why it would be served any other way
service was tip top but the food was . . . as if they are not even trying . . . cheapest possible . . . very sub par and definitely not worth it , even with the location
My Sister was ROOFIED here ! The owner REFUSED to check the surveillance cameras ! Go at your own risk ! NEVER leave your drinks unattended .
Had my makeup done at smashbox at Nordstroms . What a terrible experience . My seven year old could ' ve done a better job . And she only took 20 minutes to do it .
Spent 3 . 5 hours in the office , but only 20 minutes with a doctor and billed $ 2 , 000 ? This place deserves negative stars . I would never return to this hell hole
You know what ? I ' ve been thinking about it and the " no refills " thing is really petty and seriously irks me . Two stars instead of three .
My wife and I completely enjoy several dishes here . However , tonight I ordered several appetizers for my myself and I was very surprised they were mediocre and had little taste . Very surprised and disappointed .
The service was mean . The food was neither filling nor delicious . Prices were high for the amount of food . Went on a Sat AM and had the huevos rancheros which was a recommended signature item .
Good but not great . A bit icy . I like a creamier version .
Trying too hard . . . they changed their soda fountain to a odd organic brand . Fix the pancakes and coffee . Even the staff won ' t drink it . They go next door .
Was not impressed at all . The steak tasted like rubber and pozole had no flavor and was full of grease . I felt gross after I ate here .
Terrible service ! ! ! ! I always come and I like the food here but the service was toooooo bad
Food is bland , service is slow . Will probably not return . I had the Pollo Fundido and it had zero flavor . Such a disappointment !
Ordered two bacon egg and cheese biscuits . Seemed like a great deal but they never delivered . 20 ' minutes later still sitting out front in spot number two they never came out . What a joke
I got a gel manicure a couple of days ago and already the polish has chipped on multiple nails . The polish is uneven , faded and messy around my nail bed .
I waited for 5 minutes and the barista didn ' t even acknowledge me , he was just busy chatting with another customer . Never coming back to this location .
Food was horrible , my tostada was soggy the time it got to my table , the taco was bland and the enchilada sauce tasted straight out of a can . Customer service was good just horrible food
Worst service I ' ve ever had last week . This location has lost a long time customer . I will never go back .
Cheap Korean food but you get what you pay for . It ' s quite popular but I ' m not sure why .
Should be call fake fish and chips . Disappointed that they were little squared off frozen fish that I could buy and fry myself at home for a quarter of the price .
Its okay place , but I recommend go eat at the Palms for late night food , the Palms is cheaper and taste better . Late .
I give the food 4 stars but the service is a 1 star . It was awful . I think this is a good place for take out , not sit down .
Very poor customer service . Frequent turnover over of employees . Reps are difficult to reach . They continue to charge my bank account monthly even though I stopped using them months ago . Stay away .
Love love Nekter but this is for sure the worst location . Skimp on everything . So disappointed
Ordered a chicken fried steak and got chicken . By the time I got my food the rest of my family was done . It only takes a mistake like this to have someone not return .
Had some beef tacos on corn tortillas with cilantro and onion . Definitely had better . Beef was mushy and the tortillas were not very good . Would rather go to Don Juan .
I had a gyro sandwich is was good . Definitely better than average but not the best ever . Prices are a tad bit high .
The service was great super helpful , the food was nothing exciting the bun was super dry and the bratwurst was ok for definitely not worth the 7 bucks . The variety of mustards were the only thing exciting
Defenitely The worst McDonald ' s there ' s . The drive thru makes you pull to the side and they never bring the food not make it . TWO thumbs down
Clean up did not happen . Completely reshaped and very thin . . . not sure who works Mondays around 2pm . Have to let these grow in again . . .
Absolutely awful ! Save your money . Change the name from " Marvel Experience " to " An Awful Experience . " How could a company that does such a good job with movies degrade themselves with this ?
Any restaurant that does not show prices on its website is extremely suspect . I ' ll take Denny ' s !
Yuck , got sick eating here a couple of hours ago . Save yourself and try something else . I am literally on the toilet as i type on my phone
lame . . . halibut sandwich for $ 14 . 41 . laced with balsamic bs . went to king slice after because I was still hungry .
Unfortunately the only whataburger close to my place as it literally never fails to get my entire order wrong and take forever
These ladies need a lesson in sense of urgency . Start to finish it took me 20 minutes to order and receive my drink . Pick up the pace . People have flights to catch . Terrible .
Worst chili ' s I have ever been to . bartender with a gotee is a total douche bag , and tried to hit on me while I ' m clearly straight ? Wtf
i have been waiting almost an hour for a coffee refill and to order dessert . the employees seem more concered in talking to each other .
Good food worst service slow took hour to get food longer to correct and longer to pay ! ! ! ! Don ' t bother or order pick up only when ready Maybe I won ' t be
Actually witnessed the bartender buying drugs in back parking lot while i was having a smoke . Explains the service and attitude . Food and ambience were exceptional but they really need to screen their employees better
DO NOT use , I had this company come out and do a onetime clean and they did a horrible job for the price .
Wow , probably the worst sandwich I ' ve ever had . The bread was chewy , the steak was cold , fries were cold . Terrible , never going back here .
I wouldn ' t reccommed coming here . Bad customer service . Bad service all together . Very long wait times for very minimal work . Sales staff are untrustworthy and argumentative .
I did the takeout , not the dining room . The food was okay but the staff could not have cared less . Super rude and unhelpful . Would not go back .
Catered lunch Beneath the breadsticks is chicken parmigiana , spaghetti , and salad with a tease of strawberry shortcake .
slowest drive through ever ! I ' m 12 minutes into this and still 2 cars back . you MUST specify " no whip " or you end up with a half full coffee . Very disappointing .
The food is not very good . Better than some of the chains , but I prefer Big Buddha at the 303 and Greenway . Better food and lower prices .
Had a horrible pesto cavatappi No mushroom and pesto sauce It was only pasta with some tomato
Been waiting here for 20mins for my food . Going to walk out in 5mins if I don ' t get my food . The server doesn ' t check back up to see if you need a refill
I called and whoever answered gave an immediate bad first impression . No way I was going to do business with just his attitude alone .
Horrible food , no flavor , burned pizzas . Portion size is good for two people for a pizza . But over all tasteless food
The sushi did not have a good flavor and some of the sushi was just wrong ! I do not recommend it !
Too salty ! The shrimp was bad already ! How can they put them in the dish ? ! I will never come back .
4 . 30 pm ? ? ? ? ? ? Unacceptable ! ! ! Look around guys ! You guys very good as others on banks ) ) ) , but hours MUST be changed !
Food was great but the service sucks had to ask for a refill on the coffee 3 times before I got it
It ' s the same damned long line every damned time . Doesn ' t matter the time of day , you ' re going to wai 20 - 30 minutes to get out of here every time .
I don ' t really like cold eggs . We waited a really long time for brunch and everyone ' s food was cold . Their bread and raspberry beignets were delicious though .
No table service . Felt it was overpriced for a serving of one waffle with plastic utensils and cardboard serving tray , and a coffee for $ 9 .
This is the worst lunch I had in Cleveland yet , I ordered shawarma wrap . . my mistake . .
The instructor had no clue how to deal with a toddler scared of water . At the end of the lesson the toddler was terrified .
Taste is fine , I mean if you ' ve tried the real Chinese hand pulled noodle , you will believe the taste and price are ridiculous .
Took a half hour to get our food only for it to be cold and they left out the avocado out of my taco . . This place kind of blows
Une catastrophe , un manque de respect pour cette belle culture . Plats froid , service pitoyable , vraiment fade !
They advertise that they are open 24 hours a day seven days a week , however , they are closed early between 330 and 430 in the morning . Garbage .
Mediocre at best . The pizza is over priced & nothing special . Delivery took one hour . Would not recommend , but they do deliver to Vistancia .
Update , They damaged my car I spoke with DM and shop manager , they both we ' re going to call me back and never did . Please don ' t take your car or truck there .
Expect delays , had an appointment at 10am , waited 2 hours in the waiting lobby and currently waiting for yet another hour in the patient room . This is literally unbelievable .
Terrible food . Mediocre drinks . Can ' t smoke Cigars but cigarettes are OK . What kind of " Lodge " is this ? !
The wait is not worth the money saved ! Do not reserve a car . Get to the airport and look at line before going with them .
If I could give zero stars I would . No sense of urgency during busy time . It took almost 10 minutes to even be noticed or acknowledged . A line started forming and no one cared . HORRIBLE
Worst mango respado ever ! The mangos were mush and didn ' t even taste like mango . The place was very clean .
It is absolutely ridiculous to pay $ 21 for 5 little bites of fish n rice . Do not waste your money . It was seriously the biggest waste of an hours pay .
99 % music and dance games with a couple old classic arcade games . Employees didn ' t even seem to acknowledge our existence . Felt more like a mortuary than an arcade .
The management is quite lame and lazy and the food was really cold . I am mot coming back .
One person ahead of me , that had finished their order and no other customers . No acknowledgement when I came in the door . Waited while this customer just talked on about two minutes . I left .
Food is garbage and over priced ! ! Staff was nice ! ! 35 dollar check for 2 people for lunch ! ! ! Don ' t waste your money ! ! Go somewhere else ! ! !
Worst dunkin ever ! Miserable staff that obviously hate their jobs . Go to one of the many other choices nearby instead . Do not go here .
Ugh . Americanized Chinese and old sushi . Even our two kids have taken this one off the list . There are SO many better choices within a 15 min drive . Don ' t bother .
A 40 minute wait for " fast casual " Pei Wei tonight . Does seem any where near fast ? What a waste of my time .
Boo ! ! ! We had a pretty good experience until we went to checkout . The coupons we printed off of their website TODAY were expire and they would not honor them . Update your damn website !
They need to update their page bcuz it Says they take Reservations but when u call they refuse
We had dinner here Sunday night . Had the worst burgers ever . Asked for medium , got severely over cooked . Dry , tasteless and the buns were stale . Very disappointed .
Ok price , decent selection , decent food , but horrible horrible service , very mean and unwelcoming .
It shouldn ' t take 3 weeks to resolve an issue that they made if you ' re just going there to pick up some washers or drill it ' s good
Recently went in for a consult and spoke to a Josh . While he was nice and informative , he left me hanging after texting back and forth about the piece I wanted . Going somewhere else .
Does it really take 10 mins for a Frappuccino to wait in the drive thru line . Bad just bad
Horrible do not go here they ripped me off they charged me $ 200 just to put 3 stupid sensors on my tires
Overrated & expensive . . . I do not need to leave a long review . I ' m more of a straight to the point person .
Zero stars . Worst service ever . Cash only ? Another reason not to eat here . Horrible attitude from staff who could care less about good service .
Wow service was terrible ! No friendly faces . Food was ok . But definitely coming back
Need to learn delivery of orders when taken . Whatched two other tables have their food served before ours . Not impressive with that . Thai food is good . Just not happy with delivery service
Coffee was awful ! ! Tasted like it was there for days and the music is way too loud . Should have gone to starbucks across the street .
Not what I expected all bad if you want good chicken wings go to Boston pizza
Our pizza was burnt and service was so slow . We will not be returning to this location .
20 minutes late on my pick up , all they had to do was make the pizza I was my Own delivery boy . I should have got a tip for waiting so long and so patiently .
Pretty bad overpriced food , nothing even remotely French . Stale croissants and typical american food .
I tried the drive through and I could not hear what the employee was saying . I placed an order and it was completely wrong . I won ' t be coming back
So horrible . Worst service and a shit hole . Dirty and slobs all over . Rudest staff I have ever seen .
These guys suck . They have a huge line here and two counters open . I wish I can give them one star .
The worse cabs ever ! I don ' t know whats up with them but they are rude and always in a bad mood ! Make sure it ' s never an A - CAB ! ! !
This was the worst Taco Bell experience of my life . The crunchy taco was soggy , the soft taco was crunchy , the food was cold and OLD . Thoroughly disgusting .
I thought our drinks were good , but the atmosphere was a bit cold . I would drive another two miles to get coffee elsewhere .
Poor service . Hostess quoted a short wait time then gave us the run around for 45 minutes . Food was overdone and bland . Would not recommend .
The worst store i have ever been i have been waiting for 2 hours just to buy a phone the agent was only with one customer but she took 2 hours to finish the CU transaction .
decent lobby and check in process however there was what looked like someone ' s pubic hairs on the toilet , requested new room
Worst customer service ever . Manager very condescending . Service very slow . Second time here and will never be back .
Immediately after my lousy order , I received s survey from Blasioles . I told them exactly what I thought of my inedible sandwich . That was 2 weeks ago . Haven ' t heard a word .
Well designed restaurant . Had " Holly ginger " chicken . Spelled wrong on the menu . Overly salty . Long wait for food considering there were three customers .
Shipments don ' t get to destinations on time . Bad customer service . There ' s not much else to say about a shipping company .
Interesting how my negative review ( and other negative reviews ) was deleted . . . Do not shoot here . Most of the employees are condescending jerks who treat their customers like garbage
The crusty was dry and hard and the pizza itself , lacked sauce and the toppings were dried . . . Won ' t be going back . Otherwise , the staff was very friendly . .
Whatever Mexican food and crappy service . Go find a million better restaurants on the strip . They also charge for the chips and salsa . This place will be gone within the year .
The worst Mcdonalds I ' ve been in . Make sure and check your order before you leave . Chances are its missing something .
Went to the drive thru . Missing the garlic fries and potato wedges . Told them and only got the potato wedges . Decided to just get the fck home .
Too many old naked guys hanging around in the locker room and way too many old men hanging out in the family locker room . . . WITHOUT CHILDREN ! Why is that ? ? ?
Worst crepes ever ( no taste ) , very expansive for a bad crepe ( $ 12 - 13 ) , the service was really bad as well and not friendly .
Its a small , old school TS bar .
Not a good place . WAY over proceed for what it is , just a COMPLETE waste of time . Just go ANYWHERE else
Pizza was good . Salads were bland ! My meal for 2 people was 45 . 00 $ a little overpriced . Go to grimaldis its better all around
Not impressed , would not go back . Girl that took our order was not friendly or helpful . Overpriced ! ! Quality of food not good .
Bad food , bad customer service lady always in bad mood always rushing to get your food done even tho is empty in their
I recently stay at the flamingo and it was awful . Awful customer service . Just absolute crap ! Don ' t stay at this hotel ! ! ! ! !
Sat for over 1 / 2 hour before food came and then it was wrong . Eggs . If you can ' t make eggs this is not the restaurant for you .
All I ' m going to say is , " customer service sucks big ones " . No one asked once if we needed help ! Tim is a waste of space . So unfriendly !
It was dreadful . If I could give it a zero minus , I would . The menu is not Greek and they do not know how to prepare and serve Greek food .
Overpriced , overpriced and overpriced . Charging $ 99 . 00 for a pair of Chinese Laundry sandals that can be purchased in the US for $ 49 . 00
The sandwich was sloppy and the restaurant was dirty . I love Quiznos but this location has apathetic staff who show no love or passion for the food they serve . What a disappointment .
Nice atmosphere . That ' s about it . The coffee is inconsistent here and the baked goods usually have flies milling about . Unfortunately , I ' m here pretty often .
Dropping a star . . . never got a call or response to my email . I ' d call this one a crap - shoot . I wouldn ' t recommend or not recommend .
Rude staff , no split topping and no ranch . The owners may be from New York but their store is in the west . Get with the times ! ! !
Extremely rude and unhelpful employee , both over the phone and in person . Great chain , but terrible store . Go to another location or a different pizza company in the area .
Owner is CRAZY ! I found a toenail in my breakfast and she accused me of putting it there WORST SERVICE EVER
This place looked hopeful for authentic Mediterranean but the food just didn ' t live up to any expecation . Do yourself a favor and go next door to Cafe Milano .
I brought a matcha Crete puff and a green tea latte . The puff was frozen and the latte was lukewarm . The line was too long for me to go back and complaint .
Overpriced sugary dreck filling station . But it ' s laced with 151 . You ' ll need it to brave the Studio Walk . Way overpriced .
This place is nasty . The burgers taste gamey . Definitely not beef . Possible cat or human . ( Just a guess ) and the server repeatedly forgot about our table . Buyer beware .
Very unpleasant customer service and over priced items . I will never return to this place until they hire new people at the register who aren ' t rude , chewing gum and throwing my items around .
Love fried chicken , sausage biscuits and seasoned fries . HATE the slow service . One star for being such SLOW " fast " food .
Disappointing , fast food burger and fries . Sticky tables , won ' t go back . Wendy ' s would have been better and cheaper .
Terrible indescribable bad service . Waited two hours to never be seated . Idiotic manager and hostesses . I had better expectations for this restaurant .
Waited 45 mins for two scoops of ice cream and it taste old . Will not be back To this place
Terrible place to attend event . We got harassed in the parking lot for trying to make sandwiches . These people just gouge the public .
A waiter called tommy provides poor services . Never be there again
Ordered grilled chicken salad . The chicken appeared to be microwaved and was very fatty . Unedible . That being lovely terrasse would eat a pizza there just never , ever the chicken again .
If you enjoy green pools and poor customer service then Poolserv is the company for you . I have had them for less than 2 months and have not been happy with the company or the results .
My pretzels were still frozen on the bottom and the dip tasted like beer foam . The carnitas tacos are too smoky and the view is average . Only come for the drinks .
Having reservation mean nothing , had reservations and still had to wait over 30 minutes . Poor management .
Currently sitting in restaurant and it has been 10 minutes sitting at our table and still have not seen our waiter to even take our drink order .
This place is NEVER Open ! It has good pizza , but they need to understand how to follow hours of operation !
Had an omelette . It was extremely greasy , too much black pepper . The hash browns were grey in color and did not taste fresh . Will not be back .
Horrible office staff . No one knows what the left and right hand are doing . Love Dr . Raja but hid staff will kill this practice !
They never honor the appointments you make . Every time I ' ve come in . It ' s a extra 30min wait . Why even make appointments at all . Waste of my time .
Went to eat here yesterday . The food was not as good as it used to be . The drinks are ok . But I won ' t be going back .
Way over priced for a waffle with fruit . 2 waffles was $ 16 . With out a drink . . . I won ' t eat here again .
Worst ever . Driver stole my wallet . Supervisor extorted money to get it back . Stay away .
This place sucks ! I wish Canters would come back . Same price as Canters ( ~ $ 15 for a sandwich ) , but at a fraction of the size ! That is totally whack !
Ikea may be the worlds most confusing maze meant to trap shoppers like little white mice !
Overpriced , no reward status honored . . . Ridiculous , especially with so many better bakery / breakfast venues in the hotel !
Cancelled appointment 1 hour before brow appointment that I made last week and couldn ' t give me a convenient appointment to fix problem .
Customer service was horrible . Receptionist was very useless . Dont recommend this place .
Poor service and unprofessional staff . Wait time was ridiculous . Was NOT worth the wait . Try the Italian restaurant inside of stratosphere instead
Terrible place bad service bad people . Over all bad everything HORRIBLE PRICES . OWNER ABUSES ANIMALS . Would never put money in this d bags pocket .
The restaurant smelled like a college bar and the service was not good . Food is overpriced for the quality .
Not terrible , but I probably won ' t be back . Food was so so . Drinks were inconsistent . Every margarita I had tasted different and none of them were quite right .
Service is going down hill in a hand basket this time . rolls came at the end of the meal , the mash potatoes had no salt , and the food was cold
Service is waaaaay to slow and there is no drink refills . I dont think I will be coming back
$ 40 for two beers and two hot dogs ? i dont think so ! i ' d have my italian sausage street dog over these " gourmet " sausages any day . .
Overpriced and food quality was mediocre . Had two of his signature dishes and both were just ok - nothing special . Sushi was ridiculously expensive .
Never have to wait in the drive through line for 15mins and still couldn ' t get my drink . . . disappointed and irritating right now .
It was a terrible experience . . The staff was rude and room was dirty . The swim pool was not clean ! !
Honestly not impressed . Over priced small sandwich . The flavor was boring . Nothing spectacular . Do yourself a favor and go down the street to hangover hoagies ! So much better
Service - extremely slow . Food - i ordered a burrito . Lady handled it like a surgery . Making 3 burrito made her say " this is too much "
Poor service , mediocre food , over priced . Go to IHOP instead .
Seriously the most pretentious place in Madison ! Will not be back ! ! Really over priced cocktails and an awful wine selection !
Ordered house special manchurian noodles . Mixed meats but very scarce . Order was ready with 15mins they specified . Boring and bland . Place was empty late Sunday night .
I order 2 pizzas and the beer batter apitizer today . The pizza wasn ' t that great and the beer batter apitizer was soggy . I can ' t believe I paid 40 $ for this pizza .
Seriously the worst car wash ever . Everyone is super unorganized . Customer service was lacking . Just not the best experience . My car wash was even bad .
Find something else , food was super greasy and tasted like the grill hasn ' t been cleaned for several orders .
Water tasted like mold , French fries were stale . BLT where are the tomatoes ? ! ! Bartender friendly but not attentive
What a bad place ! no one came to help us ! We left to alibi better service , and I ' m sure better drinks .
Uninspired food , cold inattentive service . I will not come back .
Least favorite restaurant in Vegas . If you wanna pay $ 50 bucks for ramen , feel free to come by my house .
No response - no communication company . Duane does not follow up on appointments he sets up . Does not respond via text or phone after several attempts to follow up
Slow service . The point of coming for the express lunch is to be in and out . Took almost 5 minutes for someone to great me to get a table .
Underwhelming uninspired food . Inattentive service . Loud and inappropriate music . Cheap experience at premium prices . I expected much better from Keller . Oh well . . .
This place just bored me . Really don ' t know what to say . Bored , bored , bored , bored , bored .
Really crappy food , dirty tables , staff had an attitude when I asked for knife for my steak .
Dead roach on the bathroom floor when we walked in , and cigarette burns in the sheets . Think twice before you book here .
This place is back sliding fast . Slow , indifferent service and a dingy dining area equals not coming back . Too bad , because it used to be a great spot .
This place was just nasty . Good took forever , fries were cold and soggy , sandwich was so bland it was gross . I will never come here again .
You can easily buy quality furniture anywhere . I would not recommend purchasing from Living Spaces as there is clearly no accountability or caliber of service rendered for faulty products
terrible place to stay . I will never stay there again . the rooms were dirty and the employees were rude and entitled .
The orders came out wrong and blame on customers . Not planning to go back . Food is standard , service is so so
All this hype and I was not impressed . I have made my own burgers that taste just as good if not better .
Terrible food - bad everything it ' s gross the only thing that was good was the cold 7up . I don ' t even know what mystery meat was in my chicken club sub .
If anyone can tell me how to change location of buisness this review was meant for please tell me , ive tried ; ACTUAL LOCATION WAS CUYAHOGA FALLS . .
No donuts left at 11a . m not happy service was good but no donuts and smoothies too sweet
Roach crawling on the bar . . . disgusting for such high end establishment . Not appreciated
This place is too over priced to not get orders correct and for it taste so bad . Roberto ' s taco shop are the absolute worst in Vegas .
Extremely friendly and food taste amazing , but ALL my friends including me had food poisoning afterwards
No vegetables ? Not an onion , a pepper ? Overall a very boring selection . No wonder I was the only one there
Our room was dirty , smelled of smoke though it is supposedly nonsmoking , and smelled of urine .
Did I just pay $ 10 . 43 for that ? ! The soda is good . They barely give you cheese or sour cream on your burro .
Poor customer service and the gym is decent . I was set up and wasn ' t even given a breakdown on the charges or given a tour of the place . . . Horrible .
Dude , ordered a 40 pc nugget . . . . . . . . . they didn ' t give us any of the sauce we asked for . . . . . . . wtf
The tacos were good and interesting combos , but not a lot of food , and the service was pretty lousy ( slow and indifferent ) even on a slow night .
Servers were walking around our table but kept ignoring us despite making eye contact several times . The place was also empty .
Terrible service . Food was good , but the wait staff was short people . Parking not convenient .
Don ' t cater to customers very well . Especially bartenders who are more interested on what they want versus their customers .
They forget the sauce every single time . And are extremely apathetic when it ' s brought to they ' re attention . Horrible burger king .
Service was good however the food is not . Portions are small and bland . I had the chicken fried steak which was served with just a small splash of gravy and no seasonings .
I think the workers think they are at the zoo and the customers are the animals cause none of them are working and just staring at us through the glass
You feel like your in downtown Detroit when you come here nowadays . It used to be classy place with good martini drinks . Now its a trashy place that serves watered down ones . .
Skip this airport and fly though Dallas Houston or anywhere with a Centurion lounge . Joke airport , horrendous food .
This place has good ice cream but the wait staff is RUDE so beware to keep your cool . . . .
To the best of my recollection , this was the worst food I have ever had in my life . Worst quality , worst taste , bad service .
Updated review . Food remains amazing . Bussers remain amazing . Hosts AGAIN leave us . Rude in attentive , lacks a customer oriented service . I have nothing more to say .
Very FEW selections . We we ' re so hungry but we didnt even bother getting a 2nd plate . Not even worth it even if the price is cheaper than other other Buffets . ,
Spent 200 on 2 min examination and few medicine . They didn ' t know what was the problem and suggested to put a muzzle on a chihuahua . Seriously . . .
It ' s hard to book an event or any kind of information from this place because no one answers the phone not a good thing when you ' re first starting out in business
Be sure to take pictures of your vehicle before they get their hands on it . If they break something , they will claim it was " pre - existing damage . "
Worst place you go there your going to the bathroom right after plus they never have food a hour b4 closing time
A small spider at my table - the guy killed it and whisked it away like nothing ever happened .
Food was horrible not cooked well the restrooms were dirty don ' t waste you time and money
Sitting at the bar right now . And I do believe the bartenders are bothered by me and my friends mere existence . Horrible service with attitude
Decent food , it reminded us of wedding catering and the interior was pretty generic . It ' s not terrible , but not really worth the price or trip .
Went in friday the 3rd and the girk taking orders believe her name is jessica or Jamie but she was rude rushed us threw the line and she got my order completely wrong .
Just walked out of the Star Wars movie because the sound was extremely loud ! We did get our money back though !
The service here is so slow . I order ed my food at 430 Pm and its still now done . Hurry up .
Terrible service . The Website is out of date and they do not offer the services that at plainly displayed on the website . Recommend Zen Fusion which has much better service and food . ,
I am sick of them over charging . Doing the work which they claim is covered by insurance and three months later getting a huge bill . Totally not cool !
Terrible the bartender was rude never check on us an completely ignored us and when she did come by acted like it was a chore to help us and do her job her name was aronda
Worst ever . Always make me wait . Today was 20 mins for a bagel . Disgusting ! Horrible service
Dish was so so . Poor service . And expensive considering the quality of the food . Just new interior . That ' s it .
These guys left me and my family ( 3 kids under 10 ) out in the rain 1030 at night after we had already paid to be picked up
Not very authentic and pretty bland . There are better Thai places in Phoenix the only reason you should come here is if you ' re working near by or if it ' s the simplest option .
This place is the worst as far as food goes and the gambling sucks just as bad not to mention the service is crap along with the rewards offers , I have never seen such a cheap casino .
The baked ziti was possibly the biggest waste of caloric intake ever . . . Boo , this place is a waste of time
Been here couple times now . Bagels overcooked and flat . Only 12 bagels in my bakers dozen can ' t they count . Corporate needs to get off their but and straighten this shop up .
Had to use the bathroom and it was shut down with an obese woman refusing to allow me to use the restroom for cleaning . Not cool to cause a paying customer to shit themselves . Thanks Walmart .
Below average service . Pho had way too much noodles . Used to be better and recently gotten worst .
A poor substitute for Tex - Mex food . Uninspired and bland food choices . Seems to be typical for Champaign - Urbana : (
Included it as a stop on a trip to Vegas , March 2013 . Sadden that when we arrived , the business was closed .
10am on a Saturday morning . All bagels are out and staff is useless ! Who owns this place ? They should be ashamed of themselves !
The office staff doesn ' t bother returning calls . Poorly run complex .
Car is in perfect running condition passed emissions all lights work , failed me for having old tires . Will never go there again and recommend you don ' t either .
Mehhhhh at best . The salsa was pretty bland . The queso was okay . They charged $ 5 . 00 for a plate of beans and rice . There ' s definitely better in the area .
Manager is a scammer and just wants your money ! ! Takes your car for joy rides then says nothing is wrong ! ! DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE ! !
Dinner here is overhyped and overpriced . Good idea but weak execution and thin wine list . Will return to try lunch .
The chicken was burned , beans were watery , tortillas were dry and cold . The only good thing was the salsa verde .
I ordered teriyaki chicken and it was disgusting it was very dry . I ordered spicy and it wasn ' t spicy what so ever . Spend your money elsewhere .
Ok , not the great fajitas lots of onions no meat . Tostadas are not that great ship Tostadas I guess I was hungry . Did not like this place I ' m still hungry !
Bar tender with bright pink red hair is RUDE . If she ' s working there IF I ever go again , I will definitely walk the hell out . She ruined my taste for that place !
Their employees don ' t want to work . The place is suppose to be open by 11pm . I showed up at 10 : 49pm and was refused service even to have slice of cake to go .
Disgusting ! ! ! Do not eat here ! I just got a sandwhich and the bread had mold ! Their fries arent even cook throughly and they took forever to give me my order on top of that
So sad this place has gone down hill . Sushi is no longer edible . I used to be a big fan , but now I say avoid this place .
terrible place . currently sitting here with a party of 4 - they are serving other tables before us and we don ' t even have menus . won ' t be coming back . waste of time
I hope your Of ft pgut grr r . The g re . Vgkeggmgeeee eereee j gen . E . g . Dggdgeggr enr ran ghemsgugjjgjdjdddjnddddnnddnngdcjbfefmffbseedddedßse F
Room is ok , hotel is well worn . Check in line was ridiculous long and all fast check ins not working . Buffet was closed for the evening at 6pm . Will not stay again .
I usually like the atmosphere of Rubio ' s but this visit I was little disappointed . The service was so slow and they were out of all the salsa at 5pm for the day .
They made the burrito wrong and they wouldn ' t fix it and make a new one . They just lost a customer for life over a $ 6 burrito .
Decent sushi - - not the best . We all ordered different cocktails and they were all terrible . They were super syrupy like something you would order at Applebee ' s . Atmosphere is a bit groggy .
Terrible service , print area always difficult and none of the printers actually work . Waste of time . FedEx Kinkos I should have known . . . I ' m coming back .
I ' m shocked this dump is still open . I mean look at all these one star reviews . You ' re better off going to pick up a Tombstone .
Bad service , forgot two drinks gave us the wrong meal twice . Food was bland worst OTB I ' ve ever been to
Food was fairly good , a little over done , but not uneatable . The service left much to be desired ! I would not return nor recommend to a friend .
I order a pizza and side salad to go for dinner . One couple in the restaurant and it was 6 : 30 pm . I have had better frozen pizza and the Italian dress was lackluster .
Not a fan of this store . I think the clothing for boys size 6 were too warn out to be selling at higher prices .
Just very disappointed with my delivery order . . . ordered the teriyaki chicken and crispy wontons . . . but never again unfortunately .
Got my delivery 45 minutes late and it was cold and tasted like a hunk of cold cheese garbage . Terrible .
Is this place even open ? Came by hoping to have dinner on a Friday night around 6pm . No cars in sight , doors locked , and looked like the place had been abandoned .
Well I wait For 5 Minutes and Staff was invisible and wasn ' t Great service Would Not recommend Management Don ' t seem interested in the Customer need
Probably the worst pizza I ' ve ever had . Let ' s see taste of sauce none Taste of cheese none Taste of crust none Price was ok Hey fa get about this place for pizza !
I was told I could score a real deal here on bed sheets , specifically flannel . I didn ' t see much of anything other than men ' s golfing attire .
Our waiter barely came to the table . Food was cold and soggy . And it wasn ' t just goood or tasty . The French fries was good
These guys are clowns , bypass if you can . . call ICE and check if they are Americans . We don ' t need their bullshit . . .
Had the Tom Yum with shrimp . Not as bright as other versions I ' ve had . The yellow curry chicken sauce was delicious but the chicken was overcooked .
Overpriced haircuts for boys ! I was quoted a " starting " price of $ 20 PLUS tip , for my eight year old son ' s haircut ( combover , 1 on the side , ) .
If you ' re into the color white and doll houses this place is cool . Otherwise pass .
Bartenders are rude . I went once since I work at the hospital right next - door . But now I ' ve stopped to avoid their crass behavior .
Server was great , but food was horrible . We only liked 1 out of the 4 entrees . My mom enjoyed the Chile Verde and she never likes anybody else ' s Chile Verde . Just facts .
Ok if you are in a rush . Not very tasty but staff is nice .
Place is good only when the old skinny lady isn ' t working , she has mood swings , she needs to retire out of the 20 + years this place has existed
Food is expensive and lacks taste , creativity , and portions . The only thing this place has going for it is the beer and apparently keeps alive with regulars who play trivia .
you suck . i ' ve waited for hours in the west end for a cab . you ' re more like an airport car service than citywide cab service .
The WORST customer service I ' ve ever had . Pretty much just a bunch of stoner kids that cant do simple math n throwing items at u when u ask for something
I would like to report Danelle & Melissa . Total hatrament they both should be fired will never come back
This place sucks I won ' t go back . They took 30 to 40 minutes just to get r food . They gave orders to people that came in after us .
Service is horrible . Waiter disappeared . A second waiter purposely ignored us on two occasions . Very disappointed . Food was ok
We ordered 2 breakfast sandwiches that were pretty good , we made one of them a combo so it came with " hashbrowns " . They must fry fish because that ' s what it tasted like .
$ 40 Min for delivery ? ! ! That ' s high for ANY restaurant . I really wanted to order delivery but unfortunately , I don ' t need $ 40 worth of food . . .
Sacoya has terrible service . She ' s rude and told me to reverse and drive back through the drive thru to help her drive thru time
Rude staff the employees and security stay away ! I worked in this industry for 15 years and this place is unbelievably mismanaged .
Food is good but the service is terrible . Extremely rude servers and we had to flag down the server every time we needed anything . . . Overall - pass .
Note to self : always check Yelp first ! The shuttle never came to get us after we paid for a roundtrip ticket . Fortunately , another shuttle company driver offered to give us a ride for free .
Messed up all drinks . They tried to fix but to no avail . Food is good though . Don ' t expect this to be like the ones in south Florida .
Food is OK . Salad could have been better if I wanted ranch that tasted like hidden valley I would of ate at home and the pizza was ok but I ' ll never go back .
The food is excellent but the service is sooooo slow I quit going there their Greek salad is good and fish is crispy but once got breaded mushrooms that were cold
Overpriced ! ! Matinée pricing doesn ' t exist so be prepared to pay for their reclining seats ! !
I live 0 . 5 miles from here , yet I drive to any gas station but this one because they are just THAT rude , ALL the time ! ! ! !
" Not sure how that works " . . . That was the response i got for my inquiry about an upgrade . . Read the fine print on that iphone forever business first .
Very deceptive , different quotes over the phone ( Tosh / Nicole ) and very stupid pricing structure .
Not good ! Don ' t waste your money here is Not real Mexican food . . I order carnitas tacos and I got beef tacos and the salsa was from tostitos jar .
Yuck ! Terrible and watery sauce , bad cheese and crust with an off - putting flavor . Skip .
Clearly they need more TSA stations and shorter lines . A little empathy would be good too
Sometimes the breads not fresh . Never enough meat . People not friendly . Now they raised prices so im done with subway . Krazy sub was great as an option .
Worst sushi restaurant ever . The piece roll super small . And over price ! ! ! ! The sashimi all in tiny pieces and not tasty . Don ' t wanna come anymore
Went through 3 trucks in a week due to brakes going out and flat tires . Didn ' t get compensated for the AAA call . Was late to work . People were cool in the office .
Use to love this bar . Bar Rescue ruined it . Looks like a 4 star place you would take a hot date while you watch sports instead of paying attention to your date .
Beware of ' convention ' pricing where everything on menu is 20 % higher during major trade shows .
Not a coin operated laundromat $ 1 . 00 for a card you can load money on to do laundry Card only works specifically at this location
Server was excellent , the food not so nuch ! My fiancé had some fry chicken and my cajum chicken San which wasn ' t too tasty .
Not impressed guys ! What happened to the unassuming salesmen ? Young , stuffy , uninformed is in full force here .
Funny how my negative review and other negative reviews got deleted from this . Do not shoot here , people are condescending jerks who treat customers like crap
Only come here if you want cold food with nowhere to sit . 45 minute wait for a freaking milkshake
They got my order wrong 2 times and the employee made no effort to make it right . Unprofessional and rude . Definitely wouldn ' t recommend it .
BUYER BEWARE ! Not an honest company with ZERO integrity !
Another one of those former Roberto ' s with a new name . Same food and its pretty bland . Roberto ' s has slid far far from its once glorious days of deliciousness .
Horrible ! ! Raw and soggy ! ! ! ! Asked for well done and tastes like raw pizza dough ! ! Never again ! ! !
If you gona eat Mexican food on the strip . Eat at Diablos at Monte Carlo . More reasonable
They changed menus and got rid of all the items that I went there for . . . I ' ve decided to try other Korean restaurants in the area .
I am all for small business but not in this case . Won ' t go near this place again !
Bad sushi to go . Less than 10 miles from the restaurant and attempted consuming immediately . Did not stay down long . It smelled fishy when I took the lid off , I should have stopped then .
I went with my girlfriend and it was under new management . The food portion reduced a great amount and the meats were dry . Not going back
Good food . " Couldn ' t care less about you " service which has gotten WAY worse since the move to their newer , " fancier " location . I won ' t be back .
Horrendously slow service at lunch with pedestrian Americanized Chinese food . . . . But I guess that is what sells . . . . This place used to be good . So sad . . . .
Unpleasant , dirty place . Other than that their special is nothing special , and milk shakes are too sugary . Cherry coke is OK though . Oh , and it ' s cash only .
Cheese queso was good but the Margarita failed . It was too sweet . Sorry Hussong ' s but this isn ' t the best Margarita in vegas . Back to school for you .
Im sorry but the food was gross . . . everything was cold and taste old . . just plaon nasty
Confused about this place . A brewery but have 2 of their own on tap . Random assortment of other beers . But also serve chartruterie plates ? I don ' t get it .
good beer poor food not hot service slow
Was so anxious to try this popular Cleveland spot and was totally let down ! Cool vibe but overpriced for the portions and my meal was luke warm at best .
Out of business ? 3PM , no answer at phone # after 1 min of rings . Published website goes to a Go Daddy sale page , not the restaurant . . .
This is the wal mart of tools . Things are cheap but low quality . I ' m writing this as I stand in line with one register open and 15 people ahead of me in line .
Always the worst service and food is always subpar , never great . Drinks are overpriced for what they are ( cheap rail )
Very mediocre food with totally uninformed servers . And , the chairs must be the most uncomfortable seats in all of Arizona .
Meh - typical chain food . Nothing bad . Nothing fantastic . Just meh . For non millennials - " meh " is the equivalent of a tepid black coffee in a Styrofoam cup .
Expensive and mediocre Indian food , small portions . Pass on this one .
Extremely slow service . Looks very understaffed . We will not be back . The poor server looked like she had far too many tables . She greeted us very quick , but downhill from there .
I thought the food was OK at best . Nothing special about it . It did not seem that fresh and I the fried rice was probably the worst I have ever had .
Food is average and cheap . Similar to other dumpling restaurants . However , if you don ' t speak mandarin , prepare to be ignored . Can ' t really enjoy the food with such atrocious service .
Way over priced . terrible service . Just don ' t go . Told ass holes if you ask me . Enterprise will never get my business again .
I found a fly on my food today . Couldn ' t believe it ! never again !
Terrible food . It ' s dirty and oily . And the speed is so slow . We wait for 1 hour to have the food ready . So hot inside . No air conditioner .
$ 15 general admission to a small gallery . Select few good pieces but not really worth the price .
The worst service ever . Cold food and they combined two separate orders in one large container and acted like they did me a favor . Super uncool !
Horrible customer service . Employees that answer the phones are rude . Cab was more than 30 minutes late ! I will never use Yellow Checkered again .
WORST COMPANY EVER ! ! ! ! Been without ac for the pay 3 weeks this company is just a joke ! ! Nobody answers the phone and when they do answer they just hang up
Asked for them to fix the order they made a mistake on and they replied with yes and still gave the wrong order not that hard
Bland , unsalted foods but wonderful drinks . Wish they had more vegetarian Beautiful decor
Congratulations on selling mexican food with no flavor . Everything we had here was awful and bland . - 1 star for this place .
Had the bistek Ranchero , the meat was dry and tough . I personally would not try it again .
Bland pizza guy at counter was rude and the wings were super soggy . Fries not on menu were the best thing we had here . I would skip this place . Not worth it
We ordered boneless hot wings and pizza through UberEats . The wings were delivered raw . Would not recommend .
A bit disappointed at this place because I heard great things about it and my experience was bad , It is super full ! And smells really bad The only cute thing about it are their pink seats
You order at a counter and that is just weird . The sandwich was mediocre , but the Mac and Cheese was good . I probably will not be back .
Always messing up my order . It ' s really irritating ! They need to pay attention . It ' s not the company ' s fault , grrrrrr employees !
Decent place and decent service . The portions are small than other locations . The second last place I would go out for a quick lunch . Panda Express next to it is even worse !
Whoever rang in our check took my boyfriends credit card number / information and the account was breeched less than 24 hours later . I have no respect for this place
Worst bacon egg and cheese bagel i ever had
Skip this place . You ' re better off eating a wrap from the cafe down the way or trying to stomach cigarette butts off the strip floor : )
The service was not great . It was not a pleasant experience being at this bar . I do not recommend .
Nope . Meat was tasteless . Burger was greasy . Texture of the meat was like rubber . Disgusting . We ordered 2 cheeseburgers and they were both inedible .
The gel polish and regular polish chipped in 3 days . . . went back to get fix and it chipped again in 2 days .
Horrible service . Server forgot to bring my appetizer and soup . Food was not authentic and low quality . Very overprice and noisy inside . Would not recommend this place to anyone .
Food was meh . . . . the atmosphere was nice . We sat on the patio and had to fight off the flies for the food though and that was not good .
We are at a very crowded Thursday night at Applebees and one of the managers ( ( Ashley ) yells out " everyone go the f * ck home ! " . WOW !
I tried the pizza twice . Both times the dough was undercooked and soggy . I will not try this place again .
We were rushed from appetizers to meal . When we told the manager there was sand in the scallops he looked at us like we were crazy . Would not eat here again
Completely misquoted me I ended up having to pay about $ 300 more than originally was quoted felt like service was less than professional
The pizza here is really bad . The crust has no flavor . The ice cream is good and the stand is cute .
Bought a carb from them . Ran really bad . They said it was my problem . Something I did . Really . . . . They don ' t stand behind their product
I ordered a breakfast burrito from Uber eats and asked for no bacon and no potatoes - my burrito had potatoes in it ! Inedible - I hate potatoes !
Came here at 9 : 20pm . . waitress said kitchen is closed . . I checked on the door , it says Friday the restaurant closes at 1130pm . . not impressed at all
The clinical staff is good but beware of the front office . They schedule appointments and when you show up on schedule there is no appointment . Sometimes I wonder if they do oversell their services .
Worst motel i ever stayed in left early people drinking till 4 in the morning loud just to much to list dont stay there I ' m just trying to tell you
Horrible customer service . We caught them talking badly about us before we ordered ; they didn ' t know we could understand them . Didn ' t bother ordering .
If you like eating at a homeless shelter perfect place to go service is absolutely horrific ! My advice is to stay away from this place at all cost !
Super slow . Got my dinner before wife did and it sat there cold while we waited additional 10 min . Will not come back . Only rolls , no nigiri .
Over priced , food was very blan , ordered the shrimp and egg fried rice and a really small portion of rice . Nothing special about this place .
It was just okay stair wells were dirty and the same plates were there the whole time I was there . yuk
How do you run out of your signature relish during lunch on Sunday ? That ' s the only reason to come . Otherwise the sandwiches are just ok .
This place used to be awesome , but they recently changed to an Empenada only menu . Best Green Chile burro in town ? Gone ! ! ! I wont be back .
Not very happy w / Michael ' s these days , u can never find an association to help u out and then only a few lanes open taking for ever .
Usually a great place . I went this time and no sugar free option . At least one sugar free flavor should be the norm .
this place was . . . not good . overcooked , messed up our 2month reservation , and 200 / head should be a more pleasant experience
We ' ve spent an hour in line when we were told shuttles were supposed to come every 15 minutes . Don ' t bother with showtime , try finding any other way for transportation .
Horrible ! service food everything , I would not recomend it to any one ! please dont waste your money like i did !
Food no good and so expensive with 2 small eggroll in side only carrot no meat and 1 piece dry tofu shrimp small too with some Vermicelli 10 $
Total scam of a gas station . Only accepts debit but charges . 35 cents to run a debit transaction . Half of the pumps don ' t work .
Spotty service , plenty of patio space - and over 2 for 1 happy hour scam 2 glasses of beer was 13 . 08 . Complete tourist trap . Should have known better .
Wow I can ' t believe how good the reviews are on this place . Just got the pad Thai and spaghettios have more spice and flavor . Big let down .
Three days before closing they still hadn ' t requested the mortgage payoff statement from my mortgage company . I would never use them again .
Worst BK Ever ! ! Management doesn ' t know what kind of food that there staff is serving . My recommendation is Do Not Eat Here At This Location !
Nothing pisses me off more than spending close to $ 30 and then being made to buy condiments . Cold food , slow service , bad employee attitudes .
Just bought my second truck from trucks only , first time was a huge run around but still got the deal done . This time seems to be a better experience so far !
Not good at all . Delivery took over an hour . General Tso ' s was mushy and tasted like ketchup over popcorn chicken . Fried rice was flavorless . This garden is full of manure .
Don ' t waste your time . Bad wine selection . Bogus specials . If you ' re going to spend your money on wine . Their are several other places to drink wine .
We stayed at the Hilton and tried to eat here for breakfast at 9am on a Sunday The parking lot was empty place appeared empty and there was a 30 - 35 min wait Hire some staff !
Marinara sauce for fried zucchini was watery and had no taste , have to add salt to it . Chicken parmesan was okay , but not the best in Pittsburgh .
Can someone please explain to me how a krispy kreme is out of glazed doughnuts , and unable to make more ? Smh
Extremely slow service . Ordered all you can eat for two people but it wasnt really all you can eat . They never gave us any refill .
Terrible $ 5 " prime rib " disgusting , dirty and dusty , the place is so old should be torn down
I had the yellow chicken curry . It was not flavorful . The rice from my sticky rice and mango was overlooked
Got the grilled artichoke . Terrible ! Chopped salad with chicken was terrible . Avoid this place .
Quote me $ 100 for labor cost on my Nissan . When i arrived . They change their mind and quote me something else . Waste of my time driving there .
The crab cakes are NOT lump crab cakes ! They were shredded crab like the crab in Little Friskies : ( Now my breath smells like cat food ! Thanks alot Bobby !
Didnt like any of what me and the gf ordered . Everything basically resembled an upgraded Burger King .
Bingo is rigged . Machines win 100000 times more than paper . Its odd to see the same winners day after day having conversations with the staff . The staff which cant smile to save their lives .
Sat at the bar for ten mins . Bunch of people standing around didn ' t bother to take my order or leaving bring me wa ter ! the place was empty
Place uses to be great . Staff is barely friendly , service is slow , food is not great and I think that says it all .
They don ' t even really deserve even half a star . They weren ' t even busy and they rushed through the whole thing .
Very overpriced place 2 beers 2 orders of chicken wings tip tax 57 . 00 Might as well go to the Bellagio buffet for the same price eat like a king . Never again .
Extremely ghetto - it is practically a ghosttown on weekends . I would not recommend visiting this place alone if you are a female . Many many sketchy people .
The food we had ordered was not right and the staff were rude and unhelpful in trying to resolve the issue . Never ordering from there again .
The clearance centre is massive but largely unorganized . If you got an hour to kill , you ' ll find a deal . I ' ll be back , when I have an hour to kill .
I didn ' t think this was really that great . It tasted pretty much like Jersey Mikes to me . It ' s basic , but not really out of the ordinary .
Wish I could say something good about our breakfast visit . You know you should turn around and leave when the coffee is only warm and taste like water . The food and service only got worse .
I ' ve come here at least 3 times in the drive through & there is never anyone even inside the restaurant to take our order . I honestly think employees hide in the back
Disappointing on many levels . The front desk staff was great and tried their best but overall I would never stay here , or at any , Country Inn and Suites again .
worst customer service i ' ve experienced in a store . Between this store and best buy i ; m not sure which is worse , at least at best buy there is no negative attitude towards buyers .
Worst service and food ever . Aesthetics are good , but forget about it . Horrible customer service and Managers are even worse than their employees . Don ' t go there .
Over rated . Nice venue but crepe with apples were very not very good , they didn ' t taste like anything . Also spanakopita was not very flavorful .
I never received my delivery order that he placed online and I waited two hours over the timeframe that they had given me
We were waiting in line for about 30 mins for and empty - ish lounge ? club " what are you ?
Hmmmm . . . . looking at my reviews I noticed this was all wrong so here ' s my update . I ' m so sorry if I misled any patrons that ended up not happy .
Took a lift to get here , arrived later than intended but still 22 minutes before close , and the door was locked . Employees had already finished cleaning up .
This is one of the dumpiest airports I have been to . They desperately need to hire more cleaning people . . . .
Had the prime rib thank god for the potato . I doubt my dog will eat the tough non seasoned prime rib . Is this from a yak
I bought a filet - o - fish and asked for a large cup of ice . They charged me $ 1 for a cup of ice . . . fail !
Rip off called for small plumbing problem technician had no part in his truck . Wanted to leave water off for 24 hours he barely spoken English . This place is a joke
I ' m sorry but I can only give 2 stars because we have been waiting FOREVER for our food . Even though I know that the food is good .
Unfortunately every time I order something here its missing key ingredients . . . taco salad with wilted lettuce and no corn chips ? At least there ' s cheap drinks .
Came w some girls , drinks are over priced and pizza sucks . Not worth what I paid , it was soooo thin and super greasy ! ! ! Not happy .
Ordered fish tacos . Food was cold and rice was like rubber . Waitress Laura was very pleasant and nice . Hostess was stuffy and acted very arrogant . Wed . 5 / 22 / 13 evening .
No service， tried to order beton box and switch to another roll got rejected even though I said I can pay extra . Also got tempura sauce taste like soy sauce .
Not fresh food like it used to be They serve frozen food now ! Really bad ! Also the soup is not homemade anymore They have just lost a whole bunch of customers !
Went to see my neighbors band to support them and wasn ' t excepting sleezy 1 / 2 naked women servers . Very unclassy . Will . not go again because of the atmosphere and sleezy servers .
If the fish is gray throw it away , I think they said this at the OJ Simpson trial , but the same sentiment should be said here . YUCK ! Don ' t waste your money .
One of the worst places to get customer service . A horrible experience trying to order and get installation done for my house
if you order a coffee it comes with 30min taken away from your life . . . other than the wait for your FAST FOOD its okay
The staff barely spoke to me even though the restaurant was nearly empty . The food isn ' t spectacular neither nasty . Bottom line I ' m not impressed .
Worst lawn service ever ! Uneven cutting , no weed eating , no edging that you can tell . A weak attempt . Don ' t hire this company . Customer service lacking .
Really BAD service and bad attitude . Lots of places to eat on the Strip , sorry I wasted any time with this one .
Way overpriced . Always look for a Fat Tuesday instead .
Acai bowls are decent for a Las Vegas location but the customer service here is terrible . No welcoming , no greeting , just " what do you want " .
Went to get kids new shoes for school . I asked the salesman for help he said go look yourself to see what sizes your kids are and see what we have left .
Good food , horrible service . I even left a message and never received a response back . That says a lot about a business . I will never spend my money here again .
Interactive video games that don ' t work well and some surround screen video that wasn ' t well done . Not worth the time and definitely not the price
This place used to be a best afghan food dine - in in town but recently they have remarkably reduced the standard meal size specially kobobs despite 10 - 15 % recent price increase .
North Indian style for lunch menu . I was full after leaving this place . It came with raw onion , who would eat raw onion ? Its an all vegetarian on the menu .
Couldn ' t accommodate our small party because it ' s a small place . Last I recall about this place the food was good but service slow . Don ' t come here during peak time .
Worst service ever ! We sat and waited and it took an eternity for us to receive our food . Save your money and go to Yama Sushi across the street .
Seemed to be really slow tonight prolly because they will be closing soon . But . . . . still
Well lets see . If you like really bad service , I mean REALLY bad service , Dried out fried food , gumbo that is 90 percent broth , you will LOVE this place ! ! !
Too much money for a buffet only to eat seniors low budget food no taste at all water down yuck food sorry you need to really fine real food to cook and season it up some
Very poor service . Tables were not cleaned and the employees were not willing to clean as well . Very rude and unhygienic .
The food is not bad , but the place is super filthy every where I can ' t imagine the kitchen , the bloody marry is good , nice ceiling lights
extremely disappointed ! over - priced , poor quality of food , period .
If someone wants confirmation for a party that they scheduled on line , why is your restraunt so unwilling to confirm weather or not you receive the request ?
Mex restaurant so why Cuban music the entire time ? Only good food was the chips and salsa and chicken tingas , carne asada sucked . Service slow and horrible .
This is actually the slowest fucking McDonalds I ' ve ever been to . Avoid at all costs or lick the pavement out front instead
This event was horrible . Lines , lines , lines . Has anyone been successful in getting their money back ? ? Ticketmaster won ' t budge .
Ordered a cab , it didn ' t come , ordered another cab , it never came . Worthless customer service has no idea where cabs are or how long they will be . Useless .
No star ! This is terrible ! 1oz of lobster for $ 20 . 00 . Combo for $ 25 you only get 5 fries I wint come here again . . . .
Worst experience of my life , woman who was working could not of been less helpful and over charges me . I hope they get shutdown for stealing money & time
Brazas is closed due to the upcoming expansion of Indpendence Blvd .
The bus / server spilt clam chowder soup on my sister and me , and got all over our hair and clothes and did not bother to call the manager . Accident occurs but it ruined our evening .
Went to the body art expo . First off bring cash bc it ' s cash only and the atm charged $ 6 . 00 . The expo was not worth 20 bucks . . .
Poor service . Food was nothing special . I don ' t plan on going back .
I spent $ 35 for a car wash . NEVER AGAIN ! The service was super duper sloppy ! They hardly vacuumed or wiped anything down . Will not be patronizing again !
$ 99 . 00 for a 40 minute session was expensive . There are comparable or better places to go for a more reasonable price .
I will keep it quick and simple . No good . Food had no flavor or spice . For Indian food , flavor and spice is most essential . This place had neither .
Terrible service ! Tasteless plain food ! Even water tasted like a tap water ! Do not recommend it !
Do not go here on a Sunday expecting to be able to watch the game . They have TVs and football games on them , but refuse to accommodate your interests and change the channel .
Not impressed . I came in for an oil change and they said belts and hoses needed to be replaced . I know the S . Belt was going but there was nothing wrong with the hoses .
AWFUL SERVICE ! ! ! The food is unimpressive and the service just unfriendly and terrible ! ! I would never recommend this place nor go there again ! !
Don ' t use this guy . He ' s an absolute looser . He put in a defective windshield and then refused to come back out and replace it . Flaked out twice !
Terrible no beef ready and cooks have no urgency at all to have food ready , they sit back and make u wait with a attitude never go to that location again
Came in at noon on a Sunday . All out of bagels , asked for a panini . Out of bread for paninis too . Cashier said they only sliced bread , because they close in 90 minutes .
movie didn ' t start was told 15 min delay after25 min found out I should have been told 30 min delay minnum when I ask for a refund it took 30 min even with a receipt .
I had the sashimi and I got frozen ones . They were frozen in the middle and when I asked why it is frozen they had told me that it isn ' t and walked away . . .
It took over an hour to get chicken noodle soup and I picked it up , although the food was good and plentiful the hostess was ridiculeous and the kitchen was a mess . Never again .
This place sucks . Delivers wrong food and specially non veg to a vegetarian and then ask me to go figure it out myself Never ordering again
Chix noodle soup is heart Pastrami sandwiches were soggy Skinny fries were good . Portions are huge Pricing is a lil High compared to other delis Convenient if staying at TI
Pretty average mexican food , got a couple corn tortilla tacos and they were below average , enchilada was ok . Wouldnt recommend it to anyone
Went there after the gym the guy that helped us gave us horrible customer service he even gave us an attitude & got our order wrong .
Si le pudiera dar menos de 1 estrella se lo daría . El lugar está vacío y no sirve de nada . La " manganeada " está pre - frizada . Que chiste ! Este lugar no sirve
Meh . Cute inside but slow service . Ok drinks but not anything great . Would give it another try and try the food .
I tired the rain drop dessert looks cool but doesn ' t taste that great . The fruity tea I order was also watere
Don ' t waste your money , worst pizza and delivery service in Waxhaw . Over priced , you are better eating bread and water
Khotan is Closed and " Senor Froggy " resturant .
Eggs were cold ; the place wasn ' t even that busy . Waiters need more training at the Cheyenne / Rainbow location
Drinks are great . Friendly staff . Wouldn ' t recommend to eat here . Ordered carnitas tacos that had very little meat in it .
Many mistakes done between my drink being returned twice which I gave up after that then the food was ok and the waiter was ok though he also forgot my meal when my peers got theirs !
Pick and choose the barber you use . Many are inexperienced and often rush there way through haircuts .
It ' s nice . But they use the cheapest meats they can find and you can taste it . Also , If you are going to call it and Italian . Use Pepperoni .
The ice cream was not good it looked like it was poop the chocolate one and it was so small
For 33 $ with tax you ' d expect shrimp . But sadly there were none . Should have spent 10 $ more and went to Wynn .
This place sucks the pizza gross and limp I got the # 1 2 slices and a drink $ 10 and it sucked don ' t come here go some where else unless you like to waste money
Clean tasting fish , nothing special . Don ' t really plan on going back . Very overrated . Last visit , they ran out of almost everything and it was only 2pm .
This place is a ripoff don ' t buy here they probably stay open because of their friends nobody is ever working in the back
Extremely rude staff . Got seated and the server came and said its take out only . UNPROFESSIONAL Dont seat your guest and then say its take out only .
Worst sausage and peppers sandwich ever . I would not waste my money or time . My son ordered a meatball sub that was served on a hamburger bun . The service was far from friendly .
Service was cold . Like they were doing me a favor ! Train w / very loud horn goes by all hours of the night ! Won ' t stay there again !
Very expensive place ! Very disappointed Never will go there ! Bring $ $ $ $ there This is my opinion ! ! ! !
Their choice of flavours is so poor I wouldn ' t eat any of the crap flavours they had . So overpriced yuck !
Got under cook shrimps twice . . . : (
Service was bad and was told food was cooked from frozen . We ended up walking out after ordering a tea , we basically cancelled our food order .
MSG , thirsty all afternoon and evening . The noodle texture was really disappointing . Service , however , was superb !
Bar is not my favorite . Food is pretty good sometimes . Management is sub - par .
Wasn ' t thrilled with the place ! Very hard to find . And no lasagna ! ! What the heck . We won ' t be back .
Ordered $ 50 worth of food had to pay extra for dip sauces . Needed napkins I got the rolling eyes from the manager , hot sauce ? More money $ $ . Not recommend this location .
Drinks . . . Average at best . Service is horrible . Owner decided to venture off and have a couple drinks with some other guests . Poor poor management . .
Food was mediocre at best service was worse . Waiting to be served they never came back to fill my coffee so I guess they are egg and no lore Joe
Very overpriced for a food court and the quality of the food you are getting . They also ask for tips in a take out only place . Ridiculous .
Very slow service , we didn ' t expect express service or anything considering it was weekend lunchtime , but seriously . . . 50 mins for eggs ? Not impressed with service . Food was decent .
Dead at lunch hour rush , chicken was gross and fries soggy , tried a bite and threw it away . Chef was annoyed that he actually had to do any work .
Ghetto ! No front desk person , had to call them and some girl came down with a needle still in her arm .
Terrible tapas ! ! ! Tasted like canned food . But the service was good , and the mojitos were tasty , hence the 2 stars .
Don ' t bother going here during busy hours . After work or early evening . The walkways are so narrow .
Lovely staff - horrible food , delayed service . If I was ever in the mood of burning my money - I ' d go back . Otherwise there ' s a McDonals across the street .
Never again ! Those cookies smells so good and had no flavor ! I ' m sticking to Tiffs treats !
If you like complete anarchy and yet - to - be - named germs ; COME ON IN THE CESSPOOL ' S FINE
Becarefull ! ! I heard this place is very dirty in the back ! ! ! ! ! ! ! People get food poising a lot
The revamp a number of years ago was much needed . Unfortunately much of the interior is still the same . Doesn ' t leave much reason to return .
Worst Pizza Hut in Charlotte ! Ordered pizza hours in advance for pick up at 6 : 45pm . It is 7 : 15pm and we are still waiting for our pizza .
Went in to potentially buy a gun and was treated like I didn ' t exist . Why do macho jerks need to treat everyone else like dirt . Total Joke of a store .
Had Lahm bi Ain the other day , was not impressed . It was below average , the 2 star for the cheap price . I would not go there again .
Don ' t even think about going in TI buffet it ' s not worth it . for the price that we paid 63 dollars you can find a better one like the M resort . . .
Update : the salon did offer to fix my nails free of charge . I did deny the offer , but the gesture shows they care .
Food and drink mediocre at best . Tacos were served with raw tortillas . Drink order was wrong twice . Great atmosphere came on the first week of opening . Need to improve basic execution of food .
Food is terrible second time coming here ordered the street tacos weren ' t good and then the taco combo and ribs were over cooked and the best thing was beans which is pretty sad
It took over 45 minutes for a waitress to come and take our drink order . When the food finally arrived it was disgusting . I recommend McDonald ' s over this trash heap .
U call this rolled ice cream ? I dont think i need to say more , the pic says it all . Taste is good and all but i believe theres a reason why its called rolled ice cream
For a place in the annex , they should offer more vegetarian options and at least one vegan option for brunch .
Nice building and good menu variety . We were the first customers of the day . The food was poorly executed . Some of the food was overlooked and come was cold . Something was spoiled .
Just curious what it means when the owner of a place ( Tim ) specifically mentioned in the lawsuits of other reviews is responding to bad reviews claiming the business is under new management ?
Overpriced food that is mediocre at best , beers you can buy at the local market & the staff were s . . . l . . . o . . . w !
I hated this place . $ 22 for a crappy cup with a bunch of slush and no alcohol ? What a waste .
Horrible food . This food is nowhere close to the North Indian food you get in India . The severs were snobbish and rude . I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone .
Super expensive takeout for really dry food . Takeout 2x and always the same problem . . Feel like I could buy all ingredients and make it better .
A good place to get deconstructed Chinese food with over - seasoning and MSG . If u really want to try morimoto dish . . . go to the one in NYC .
They have finally gone out of business . It was a nice time Oliveos , but your time was up .
I wasn ' t expecting anything amazing because all their food is frozen but I waited way too long for undercooked wings . And it ' s also freezing in there ! !
2 of 3 dishes were too salty . The hot pot was mainly small pieces of bone with hardly any chicken on it and over fried fish . The pictures on menu does not reflect what was served .
Sometimes it ' s great service , and sometimes it ' s disappointing and not good , I like consistency especially when I ' m paying a lot .
Joann ' s was unable to ship my order in a timely manner . I cancelled my order , but they refused to refund me on any of the shipping costs .
Need to expand your delivery area , if you don ' t deliver to places that are 1 . 4 miles away it ' s kind of ridiculous to even say that you deliver
I was not impressed . Fries were gross and the burger did not have any flavor . Sad , I expected more
Hour and a half to put on a spare ? Your got to be kidding me . Mickey Mouse over here . . .
Can you put more salt on you fries really my lips are burning plz us less it ' s ok to taste the food
Way to hot to sit inside on a hot day . Coffee & food ok but unless you want take out I wouldn ' t go on hot day .
If I could give a zero I would . . . . watered down drinks , pricey , got upset stomach from the food . . .
Change your hours you stupid idiots . It ' s 1am on Saturday and its crickets out front of your door . Thanks for nothing .
The Monte Cristo they advertise on their menu isn ' t a real Monte Cristo . They don ' t even jelly or jam with the sandwich .
There ' s plenty other places that deserve your business . 100 % Rude and overpriced garbage .
Place was ok , a little on the expensive side for what you get and the service wasn ' t the best , I won ' t be back .
Pay extra elsewhere for the quality of service . Advantage = vacation ruined
Food was mediocre For a local establishment I ' d assume the staff to be a bit more attentive and friendly . Will probably just go to Tim Hortins next time
Best Mexican Food was Friedas - food and atmosphere . Too bad none of the atmosphere moved to the new Mad Mexican . Food sill great , but more suitable to old location south of annette
Zee
Terrible service and terrible drinks ! ! Will NEVER go back ! ! Total waste of $ 200 ! ! Ugh ! !
Worst service ever . They ' ll mess up your order and then tell you it ' s your fault and then call you a liar . Drive thru takes FOREVER as well as going inside .
If they save wait time is " xxx " but it ' s running 15 - 20min faster - they are lying . It ' s 30 - 45 minutes behind . . . . . so far .
This place kicked me out by some ginger for tapping someone ' s beer bottle . Fuck this place that ginget pussy pussy didn ' t even work there , go TO MARIO ' S INSTEAD
Not much to say other than I called this place twice to make an appointment and no one answered or called back when a message was left . So , i took my business elsewhere .
Poor Customer service . Answer unclearly in phones and then shirk responsibility to customers .
I thought it was really cheesy because they had plastic chairs all squeezed in close together making it awkward to dance .
Horrible decor , the food took forever to get out , however the food was good , cheap and the shisha was cheap . Don ' t mind it but wouldn ' t go again .
I love this place so much , just sad that the portions are half of what the were last summer . The food is amazing ! Service is great , though a bit long . A
they used the leftover from the day before . Be careful when you go there early in the morning . The meat is barely warm . The cashier ( Sara N ) is not very nice .
Tried this place for dinner and was not impressed . Had lamb chops and scalloped potatoes . The potatoes were half cooked and the lamb was bland
worst service ever , the teenage girls that were working made their lunch before my salad and chicken sandwich which took 30 minutes
Update your hours , it shows you are open from 8am - 10pm . Drove out there today and found that they are closed on Sunday
Not much of a breakfast menu and mediocre breakfast food at best .
My first time eating here . . . Oh my goodness . . . why would anyone eat here food is gross . worst chicken ever , it was like rubber .
Not a family / kid friendly place . Food was bland and service was horrible . Would not recommend this place .
This place is way overrated ! The food is absolutely horrible ! The prices are outrageous ! It ' s Hash House a NO NO for me !
My rib - eye was tough and impossible to eat . My partner ' s lamb was way under cooked I ' m spots . Don ' t waste my your money here .
This was a complete disaster . TV is always offline Staff is not very responsive . I would not recommend this hotel to anyone
Tried their deep fried tofu in red coconut curry and it did not taste that great . Surely not worth the money . ! Heard their seafood ( fish fry ) green curry is good , try it !
Slow service leaves this location little to be desired , but when it comes to quick donuts and donut holes and basic coffee , they will suffice at times !
Its simple hire all new management . Horrible customer service . Half of our food was ice cold and almost every order was wrong fries were half full . Fire everyone there and start over !
Sat at the bar for 15 minutes nobody even said hi . We frequent this place 4 to 6 times a month . But probably won ' t come back for a while .
This place is awful . I got a basic breakfast burrito and there was so much grease on it I could see through the flour tortilla . The filling was disgusting . Will not be back .
Worst customer service ever . Not only there is a communication gap , but the customer service is non existent .
A little not cool that Meghan stopped helping me with my order to help someone else . Weird . I ' m busy like anyone else . Like I said , not cool . Bad customer service .
Horrible place , expensive cover ( $ 50 + ) , ugly girls , terrible smell , bad service . Will NOT come back .
The girl who worked in the Starbucks lacked customer services , unfriendly and are very rude . Not the kind of service I typically gets at Starbucks .
They were so unpleasant seating us that we simply walked out . Went across the street for a great breakfast at the Portuguese place .
The hours of operation have been recently changed . I took an uber ride to grab brunch with some friends and this place was closed
Forgot to toast my bagel and didn ' t put cream cheese on one side ? Usually good but this time terrible !
Food is good ! Unfortunately service SUCKS . Go to the one on Fort Apache . Better service and food is the same .
Went here today and the business is closed ! I bought a Groupon to try it out . Guess I will never know now .
Food was weak and overpriced . The risotto was like soup and the sangria was made with canned fruit .
Came back a second time and found it more fat and too much mayo . . . Not enough meat , and very greasy . . .
Get it together , employees always seem frazzled in the afternoon ! Never any issues in the morning with this location .
This location looks good but has no substance . Poor food ok service . This area needs a better go to sports bar . The drink specials are decent
Badly needed are diaper changing areas in each bathroom . Haven ' t been to one chipotle restaurant that has them . Very inconvenient . This is a family friendly place except for this .
They have placed locks on the restroom doors . This is not good around kids . Both have the same code and other customers share it anyway so what ' s the point ?
all 3 locations abruptly closed , phones turned off , signs saying closed . When open did excellent car wash and detailing .
Went to exchange an item I did not like and they would not do it because of some stupid seven day policy ! I will not be returning to give any kind of business to this place again .
Good food . Horrible service . Kitchen takes way too long to produce breakfast / brunch foods
The food was terrible and the service mediocre . Two orders of kids Mac and cheese came out burned to a crisp and my dinner was cold . Overpriced and below par . Avoid .
I can ' t wait till they build the new one . This place was to small and the wait time is crazy long .
The taco was cold and too hard to chew . Service was lousy . The dining room was dirty and I had to eat at a dirty table with trash still on it .
Advertising 24hrs sports and ofcourse that ' s a lie 3 different days closed when supposedly open 24hrs a day closed on 1st day of college football shame on you
Service " so so " . Gaucolmole was a great . Two of the 5 tacos we had were good ( blacken fish and chicken ) .
Typical chain , ok food but horrible service . Waited 15 min after being seated for waitress , only refilled coffee after I was finished meal . The one in Dearfoot medows is much better .
Worker tells me there ' s a line of drinks ahead of me but yet he ' s wasting time chit chatting with a regular customer instead of making our drinks .
Blech . Lousy pizza . The hoagie I ordered was almost as bad . They do deliver quick , though . To Beechview no less .
Way to $ $ $ for what you get . Burger was good but my medium well was rare . It doesn ' t come with fries . You but seperatly & don ' t get many .
This place sucks ! Nothing we ordered had any flavor . We waited a half hour for sliders and shrimp tacos . Over priced and terrible service !
Went there for breakfast this morning using drive thru and got the French Toast . Got home and both pieces were black . Disgusting . Don ' t waste your money .
Not good at all . Got the General Tso Chicken , To much sauce , too sweet , chicken was tough and overdone . Will never go back and cannot recommend . Yuk
Adequate , but you certainly won ' t feel pampered .
I would have loved to give this place five stars but they never even looked at my bleeding dog after an hour of sitting there .
Disgusting , don ' t waste your money . I am beyond confused with the rave of this place . Over priced , and bite sized burgers that have no flavor .
This salon is very RUDE ! I called to see how much braids will be cost and they said don ' t call anymore . Just because I ' m deaf ? So disrespectful and FUCKING UNPROFESSIONAL ! !
I understand that this place may be very busy , but the fact that I ' ve called three times and haven ' t gotten a response is ridiculous . Trying somewhere else .
Unfortunately they won ' t let me give it zero Stars the only thing worse than the poor service is the crappy food
No public restrooms , even for customers . I ' ll give all my business to Sheetz even though I live in the neighborhood .
Monday evening , 30 some groups waiting for Checking in . Is this Vegas hotel or airport ? The staff for taxi is very unfriendly . Will not come back ever .
Had the misfortune of using Enterprise today . Horrible customer service ! Save yourself a headache go somewhere else to rent a car !
I ordered delivery . Shrimp tempura was greasy . Tiger and dragon roll absolutely not worth 12 . 00 each . The worst !
Couldn ' t get served . When i pulled around saw a woman with a broom in one hand her cellphone in the other . Tweeting is more important than service .
This past august 10th I ordered picanha c / mandioca / salAd And 2 hrs later my belly was in pain and on an explosive mode . . .
The burger and fries overly dripped grease and tasted like grease . Not good ; never going back .
Waited 35 mins to receive my takeout order of chicken shwarma warp . . . . . the shawarma was luke warm and tasted GARBAGE . Side note free coffee was decent .
The enchiladas were mediocre . No effort was put into the food . The carne asada burritos were awful . The salsa was rancid tasting . Horrible experience .
Update They took my truck back finally no more headaches with Findlay Chevrolet
The bartenders at the main bar suck ass . . we have open tabs and empty glasses the place is half empty and they act as if we are a bother to them . . .
We ordered take out and our food was cold . The only good thing was the guacamole . Spent $ 50 on food we didn ' t even eat .
Nice staff , but they are very pushy when it comes to this " deep clean " movement . Your insurance probably does not cover it .
Twice now your employees have pissed me off . Food is good . Limited seating inside . Their $ 7 . 99 triple meat carryout is still the best deal around IMHO .
Overpriced . Horrible service . Ordered a burger , comes with chips for $ 14 . Then waited over 10 minutes for ketchup and mayo . Our drinks were empty the whole meal . Never coming back
Really poor compared to the place around the corner but the same price . Noisy , no class and the quality was just not there
Lousy food and extremely poor service . My wings were not warm so they replaced them with more wings at the same temperature . Definitely was not worth the walk
The food is just not good . The crabs legs are so skinny . I should have gone some where else .
I just called to make an appointment and was told to hold while I was in mid sentence . Unbelievable .
Happy with their quality of landscaping maintenance but they decided to charge us an additional $ 60 . 00 for a plant that was covered in our agreement . We have terminated their services .
Is bad experience last night , the steak is so bad and theservice is bad waiters name merianda , and i been eat for that location for 3 year and last night is the worst experience
Long wait to get in . Staff didn ' t seem concerned about people waiting . There was plenty of open tables
Unprofessional . Kicked out for no reason . Bartender charges wrong amount . Don ' t know what else to say .
Had a Boba here a few weeks ago . . . . not great . It was gritty & watered down . I ' ve had better before . . . . . . .
No type of organization when it comes to lining up for GA . Avoid this shit hole at all cost . . no one knew what they were doing .
Found the sliders lacking in substance . Flavors are good but just too small a portion for the price . 8 . 00 for 2 sliders is expensive . 4 - 5 bucks would be a good price point
Got my item all packaged up fast , but I wasn ' t greeted at all , even after I said hello . The gentleman next to her did a fabulous job with greeting his customer .
This location sounds wonderful . The location on E . 185 blast rap music with obscenities and when I called upon the management she appeared dishoveled and smelling of marijuana . What a truly horrific experience .
Not impressed with my first visit there . They missed a few marks including water spots all around that are noticeable .
It ' s 1am and I ' ve been waiting in line for my rental car for an hour What ' s the Advantage ? ? ?
Don ' t get the peel & eat shrimp . They do not clean the poop vein . Totally gross . Food is lukewarm , and it seems like they really don ' t care . Never again .
Rip offs . They give you so little for gently used and like new clothes . Most of their items were dirty as well .
Mickki Was not very nice very unprofessional used to be a helpful friendly post office
Really convenient location and really nice employees , but they never get stains out and sometimes loses things .
The service was piss poor , the bartender did not know how to make a simple drink . Don ' t waste your time or money .
Don ' t use this company . Bunch of thugs , bullies . Have no idea what they are doing .
Worn household items , fatigued scant furniture . Nothing special in clothing , although well sorted and clean . Inattentive staff .
Came here to use the touch less car wash today and it didn ' t even work . Would not accept cash or card , don ' t waste your time .
Chipotle is always a solid stop for a quick cheap dinner , but lets not confuse that for an amazing place .
They got my order wrong and tried to argue about it . Their lunch plates are a joke looking at the proportion of rice to entree and the fried rice was extra dry hard over seasoned rice .
Zero stars . . . How is there no re - fill for a large but there is for small and medium ! ! That ' s a ridiculous rule . Never coming back ! !
Check your bill when you get it . . . . . they like to bill you for services you don ' t receive !
This place is not good . They just strip ur money . They charge u $ 60 just for entry and the strippers are not good and they greedy too . I don ' t recommend anyone .
Sent me to a job interview I wasn ' t qualified for .
Came here for breakfast burritos . Was rushed through order and the burritos were not impressive . Eggs were hard and tortilla was hard . Won ' t go back .
I ' m told " 20 - 25 minute " wait for my prescription pickup . 1 hour and 40 minutes later and I ' m still standing here waiting . I will now be a CVS customer .
One star to the finance department , currently sitting here for the past hour just to drop off some papers and they ' ve been paged twice and still no one has come out to help me
Granted , it is the day after Christmas , but service was painfully slow and our food arrived cold - omelettes are not good cold .
I went in for a color and my hair is short . Was charged $ 100 for one color . I think this is high for what was done . Won ' t be back .
Very bad salon bad attitude they make customer wait for so long . I just needed a design on my nail they made me wait for an hour I don ' t recommend it at all .
Horrible service . Waited 15min after being seated and not one server came and took our order .
Super expensive for crappy food ! Seriously , don ' t go ! Even for the drinks ! Hopefully , you ' ll read this comment before ordering anything ! This is for your own good !
Very rude . dont bother asked a simple question and the waiter was very condescending . Got up and left . bye bye
went here last week and the server was very rude and when I talked to her about it she acted like she didn ' t care . I guess I can spend my money other places .
Char burger describes the burger I had also . And my burger with one slice of cheese , fries and iced tea . . . . . . $ 9 . 72 . I ' ll pass .
Don ' t ever bring your car here ! They will screw you anyway possible ! The quality of their work shows . Trust me , you ' ll be happier going else where .
the food quality is same as other dim sum place , but . more pricy . . with the price that we paid , I expected a better . service is okay foods are slow to arrive .
Heard alot of good comments , but went there to find only the shop has closed down = { anyone know where has it moved to ?
This place is clean and serves great drinks , food is a bit to be desired , no flavor . Staff had to be flaggd down even at the bar directly .
Come for David adjey ' s name , but the chicken was so dry and expensive . Not recommend .
Good Margaritas . . . but that ' s it . Didn ' t enjoy the food & have been a few times , due to how close to my house . But always a miss .
The service is slow they rather served the drive thru instead of the people walk in . No line inside but we got our drink 10min . This is the worst Starbucks I ever been .
Hostess : 1 . 0 Bartender / waiter : 2 Food : 3 Property : style decor ambiance : 2 When did they start storing their stuffed olives in Styrofoam cups ?
You ' d think the designated driver I would have free drinks . . . $ 5 for a small pitcher of coke , WOW !
I called over 24 hours ago and left a voicemail . I still haven ' t received a call back . I ' ll be hiring someone else .
Beans are hard and undercooked , burritos overpriced . They ' re only in business because there aren ' t a lot of decent quick options around .
Worst service ever . I went on a night where everyone ' s order was wrong . They were so slow .
Never was a big fan . Still not . Service poor , food not great . not that good either .
Expensive / poor service Servers ruin the expensive high quality meat by over cooking them .
Every time i go they aren ' t serving food and it takes 20 minutes to get my smoothie in the drive through when there isn ' t even a line
Most inefficient and worse Starbucks experience ever . Employees are rude and incompetent .
is this place still in business ? as I called today and got disconnected recording ?
Staff is incredibly rude and the place is so dirty it ' s hard to believe the board of health hasn ' t shut it down . Avoid at all costs . Much better options in town .
BBQ is not good . Go to Midwood Smokehouse or Mac ' s Speed Shop if you want good BBQ in the Charlotte area .
Servers are not friendly , pizza was cold and not fresh , salad was not fresh . cashiers also not friendly . the area to get your drinks , forks and napkins was dirty .
Really rude associates seem to pick and choose who gets service based on how much lipstick you are wearing . Felt invisible . Don ' t waste your time and good spirits on these bats .
I just left here in tears they totally jacked up my nails right before I have to leave out of town . Do yourself a favor and don ' t come here ! ! !
Avoid this company at all cost . Worst carpet cleaning service in Las Vegas . Bad customer service . You have been warned .
Employees more worried about gossiping than serving customers . Almost 5 am and I waited 8 minutes for 2 breakfaat sandwiches . This place is a joke .
The food are okay , but I have to agree their service are not good and the waitresses are not friendly at all .
Waited for more then 15 minutes at the bar without no one acknowledging us . Informed front end but no one ever came . Bar was empty at the time with no more then 10 patrons all around .
Rude , don ' t bother texting him if u have questions
I don ' t know why they ' re advertising their Sunday hours as 12 - 4 , arrived for my oil Change at 12 waited for a hour , nothing ! Closed !
Food sucks ; place is dirty ; waited 45 mins for eggs , bacon , toast . Dirty patio and tables . Has potential but needs better management
Great service but . . . . COLD FRIES . I hate cold fries . Dining room wasn ' t as clean as it should have been . I won ' t be returning to this location .
I could bake my own and they would be better . I got the lemon one . The frosting was very gritty and the lemon tasted fake
We ' re waiting for 30min , also we didn ' t get our food , but the thing let me get angry is other costumes got the food really fast , but they come later than me !
Soooooooooooo slooooooooooooow 6 people behind the counter - they serve a guest about once every full moon . Corner Cakes is faster if you don ' t need an espresso drink
Was not impressed with there bull shit waver for the real hot wings get hotter with less bs else where .
This location for some reason does not honor TV advertisements such as the Cravings deal and such it ' s a dollar more than once advertised on TV and very slow
Disgusting bathrooms - trash all over the parking lot and a line not worth a cup of coffee . . . . which after seeing the toilets definitely not buying a food item
Worst casino in the Miami Valley . Haven ' t won anything but lost thousands . It ' s a disgrace how their slots don ' t pay .
We visited this buffet again 7 / 2018 to give it another try . This is a new interaction with the business .
They got angry because my wife did not like their roasted peppers . It is a favorite of hers . The distain we got during the rest of the meal ruined the experience .
Booked for 8 : 00PM . Never got seated until 8 : 30PM . They let the familiae customers sit before new customers . There is no point to make reservation .
Horrible service here . We ordered 3 tater tots and one corn dog . Took almost 15 minutes . There was only 3 other cars . Was better off getting McDonald ' s .
Unbelievably bad service to the point where it can ' t taste good enough to be worth it . Also coffee is literally hot water - just nasty and all decaf .
It ' s good , but the topping selection , decoration , and service is better at Tutti Frutti a half block up the street . I ' d go there instead any day .
Are they even in business ? Waiting here 10 minutes after they ' re supposed to open and the doors are locked and no one appears inside .
scam ! ! ! They quoted me 14 $ service call and 29 $ to unlock my door . I was charged over 255 $ ! ! When I called to complain they were so rude and unprofessional .
Worst food ever . I got the Lamb roll and it tasted like I licked a goat . The only thing I enjoyed was my water . I wont be coming back .
Underwhelming is the sentiment about this place . Mediocre food , lackluster service , and overall a subpar experience . Not worth the money spent and not worth a return visit .
Worst Thai I ' ve ever had . . There was hardly any vegetables and the chicken in the soup tasted really gamey . Not very authentic either .
Went there for lunch yesterday . Discusting stench odor inside . Cooks cooking w / out gloves , and picking food off floor . Rice was greasy and over salted . NEVER AGAIN !
Very , VeryScary I grew up here in Las Vegas NV the people I this Arby ' s need to go not good very bad service DO NOT GET ME WORNG I LOVE ARBYS Just not this location
I believe these poor reviews on Yelp had closed down this business . DO NOT BUY THEIR VOUCHER THEY ARE NO LONGER OPEN . 5 / 10 / 16
Waited in line on a Thursday night for over 15 minutes before I could order . I would have left but I had another car behind me
Worst service i have seen . Couldnt even be seqted on a slow night ! ! ! Had me waiting for 10 mins Ridiculous ! Stay away rather go to chilis .
Watered down Botox ! Don ' t go n waste ur money there . 400 bucks on Botox that lasted me a month . Go else where !
These people don ' t know what they are doing and don ' t listen when they do ask a question . They make Starbucks look awful ! Go to and different one . There are plenty around .
This place is overpriced , poor menu design and flat out unimpressive . Considering the price tag , I expected a lot more . This place underdelivered like Alex Rodriguez in the playoffs .
Pizza tastes good . But delivery is horrible . Pick it up yourself unless you want to wait 1 . 5 hours to eat .
Fuck this place sue me but who ever is bartending at this time is a total duche bag , hitting on my married friend and expecting less from us im seriously pist why the Fuck did we come here
WORST INDIAN FOOD EVER ! ! ! ! ! Seriously gross and does not even resemble Indian flavors . Should have known when the staff wasn ' t even Indian . DONT NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
Unorganized and no customer service . Kept messing up our order and giving us attitude . No thanks .
Crap . . . . . giving two stars only because waitress was helpful . Shrimp is extremely fishy and everyone else ' s food was bland .
Unless I am insane , this place is no longer open . This is what it looked like when I arrived :
I ' ve been waiting at the drive - thru for 15 minutes and there ' s still 3 cars ahead of me . This is not " fast food " .
This place is sexist ! Only girls are allowed in the front . They hide all the guys in the kitchen .
Pretty bad customer service each and every time I come here , maybe the other location will be better
I had lunch yesterday at Grinder ; salmon with mushrooms and soup . The food was greasy . Four hours later I got a very bad diarrhea .
Came in for pedi and it really was the worst pedicure I have ever gotten . The staff is very nice but they don ' t know what they are doing .
The line here is pathetic and no one cares . Can you hire some more tellers ? Customer service sucks !
They have changed the way they make their oatmeal , stopped using REAL maple syrup , pancakes were horrible . Coffee watered down .
Guys I just wanted anchovies on my pizza . Not artichokes , Jesus . My order keeps getting messed up . On two occasions I might add . Like seriously .
Very old smelly cabs felt very unsafe and the driver was going WAY to fast take a LYFT instead it ' s also much cheaper too
Pleasant ambiance , friendly service , very slow food preparation , mediocre - to - barely adequate food . The usual high airport pricing ; roughly 50 % higher than outside the airport .
Randy the owner is a racist scum bag he is a dirty pig . . Never support a racist bigot . Randy you know you f * ' & ! Up ! !
I REALLY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE HATE TO GIVE this bad of review I went here for quick dinner before Mystere show . It took 40 mins to bring out the sampler - dried ribs and wings
The guy name Jayden is Rude ! ! Serving with attitude . . . He also slammed the plates on the table ( food is amazing thou but service is terrible )
Sushi tasted old . Special requests are hard to order . Too busy . Selection for sushi , limited . Large kitchen menu though . Best part was the fried rice . Not recommended
Good texture but we found their Italian Ice to be bland , needing more sugar and fresh fruit churned in . I wouldnt drive out of my way to come here .
Hwy robbers . Scum bags . Maggots . Piece of crap . Pirates . Thieves . Isis . Need I say more ?
The front desk lady was so rude that I canceled my reservation and stayed at a different resort . I would recommend any of the other 200 + hotels in Vegas .
Poor , sarcastic service and slightly argumentative . Not recommended . While other bars are packed this one had four customers when we arrive . Apparently not the happening place on the block . Hope for the best .
This place tells you one price , the tries to charge you more . I would not go back here . Very frustrating ! ! ! !
This place was great but something has happened . New chef ? Owner ? Same menu but different recipes . Battered and deep fried onions on a steak salad . . . yuck !
Seriously screw this location . The line never moves . All of the staff are high and disoriented . And the food is always cold . Shame on McDonald
Went for lunch today . Closed . Space for Sale or Lease . Sadly , I still hunger .
Tasteless food . Too slow service . Was waiting for my check about 15 minutes . Dishes were as an ex - USSR buffet taste . Annoying waiter .
Sorry but this place should be called Pho fake . This is just a mainstream place that came about when Pho became a trend but is not the real deal .
Over - priced place . Average quality food . Not a good place to go . You can easily spend 30 bucks for one person there .
The dark chocolate smoked sea salt cover caramels are extremely good , the chocolate covered pretzels are always tasty .
This place suck balls they can ' t get orders right and they take forever crappy food I think they may even be putting things in it
The store is dirty , the employees are horrible and not helpful . The place is not organized and too messy . Maybe I should go to target next time .
Probably the worst burger place I ' ve been to . Bun was cold , toppings were average - nothing special . Service was really good but I don ' t think I would come back
Pathetic service , so rude waiters , takes so much time for food , chicken mugalai was not good either after the wait , no clue why good reviews for this restaurant
Don ' t go here if you want real care . Can they place a bandage ? Sure ! But you might never find your wallet again
took a chance , BAD IDEA . it was worse in the morning if ya know what i mean . ; )
I had a really bad scallop and got sick . I will never go back here !
The worst service ever . Cold food and they combined two separate orders in one large container and acted like they did me a favor . Super uncool !
The service was extremely slow . We had to get our own water pitcher after waiting 20 minutes ! The good was okay , but over - priced . We won ' t eat here again .
Really bad service , I am here for vacations , we all walk in to buy drinks and fill up gas , the lady was really rude . Never coming here again . She refused to give her name
This is by far the SLOWEST Chipotle I have ever been to in my life . And I travel quite a bit . Get your stuff together already ! ! !
This place was disgusting food tasted like chemicals I will never come back and I dont recommend it to anyone either
After I wrote this , my fiance got sick from the food . So , I looked up their health code violations , and they don ' t store their food at proper temps . Ew . : (
My burrito cost $ 9 what the heck I ain ' t going back the food ain ' t that good , and I don ' t feel like getting the runs anyway hahahahah
the staff there is usually rude and its always pack I had to change gyms . I like the one off freedom better . Thank God for choices
Pizza Hut tastes better . The service was horrible and so was the pizza . Hopefully Metro Pizza will put this place out of business . Blah !
Employees are scripted . Excessive debit card fraud locks . Outsourced phone support to outside US . Worst bank ever ! This branch is no different - every answer is simply - that ' s what corporate says .
Worlds slowest car wash Customer service is not very good either as I ' m being entertained with watching others show their frustration with the staff
Bland blah food . I had to smother my carnitas in hot sauce to make them edible . Do not recommend this place at all !
18 minutes to get thru the drive thru . Only 3 people in front of me . SLOW do not go here if you are in any kind of hurry . Customer service was lacking .
Came here with family for a late lunch . Clean , friendly and affordable BUT not worth a return visit . Food was tasteless , warm but had a nice presentation . I do not recommend this place .
This is not good at all ! Food doesn ' t have flavor , all the plates are simple , not even fresh food . And the place is all dirty
Food is ok , there is no lots of others place for lunch . . staff is lazy and arenot customer oriented . Well just good because you have almost no choice .
Everything was bad ! Terrible quality . Not wasting my time on more details . Just take my word for itt
You can find a better place . Over priced and they interrupt your " relaxing " spa experience trying to sell you stuff . Kind of pathetic .
Skip it . Food was Lukewarm . Food was Not fresh . The Order was wrong . I rarely go to Burger King and this experience will likely make it even less often
HORRIBLE ! Il ne serve pas du taboulé oriental mais une pauvre semoule ! Service 0 Le manaiche n ' est pas cuit .
This store has either closed permanently or moved somewhere else .
really bad food，i am a chinese，i can tell you THIS IS NOT CHINESE NOODLE , food is disgusting and servoce impatient .
I hate them automatic charges on my bill for 18 % tip . I never come back again at GOGI .
They got in me quick and were friendly but there is a gap between my cuticle and the nail . looks like a week of growth already and I just walked to my car .
The place has closed permanently . So sad . Looks like it ' ll be replaced with a burger shop .
The service here sucks they didn ' t have anything on the menu and the prices are higher than a regular dennys
Great Rink . Lots of Fun . . . . BUT . . . . You will wait FOREVER to get inside , a complete Joke
First time I ' ve called a company that tells me they just can ' t help me . Ordering a column cap .
They close their door on me before closing time . When I said it wasn ' t 9 yet he said his clock read 9 . Terrible ! You shouldn ' t treat customers like that .
Everything was actually really good until my friend and I ended up with food poisoning . we had habachi with rice noodles shrimp and salmon
awful , wings bad , happy hour selection bad , shishito peppers are 5 alarm spicy . Never come back . . . . miss Todd english
They served me a drink with flat liquor . BBQ sauce was nasty along with beans and Cole slaw . Nice people , nasty food .
i ordered the coconut slushie boba and i did not like it at all . it is way too sweet .
fair margaritas ( if you order the premium ones ) , below average food . Nothing at all like the original Luchita ' s on w . 117th
I really didn ' t like the food in here I preffer mad Greek cafe down the street by McDonald they have the best gyro in town
I am writing a review to get some clarification . . . walked around the mall for about 10 minutes trying to find this place ! Is it closed ?
The staff working there seems to not care about helping you with anything . This place has gotten worse not better . Really sad .
I wish I could put zero stars ! The worstttt service ! Actually I didn ' t get any service !
Very bad services charges for ranch and manger sitting there doing nothing really I had to wait ten minutes for my order
Had a terrible experience here today . Have been a patient for a year and today I felt like I was getting a royal sales pitch ! Will not be back
Used to love this place . It was okay and the food was cold . Margarita okay . Now just way over priced . Cold tacos and cold rice and beans is no bueno .
Now in its place is JAVA HOUSE CAFE . Totally different place . I will eat there soon and Yelp back .
Really disappointing . No flavor whatsoever . . . I ' m not sure they use so much as salt and pepper ! Don ' t waste your time or money here .
Bad Service . Order to go Perking duck but can not find sauce and onion in the package .
What a disappointing experience . Wings were miss represented , flatbread was cold as was the spinach dip . There has to be better restaurants in Calvary .
Used to be a pretty decent spot for quick bite but the quality of the food has diminished considerably and the service is even worse I would discourage anyone from eating here .
I ' m totally disappointed . The sandwich was pretty boring . Although they get kudos for slicing the meat right in front of me . Otherwise , there ' s just nothing appetizing about their sandwiches .
I was really expecting a better meal given all of the great reviews . It was just ok , mine was decent my husband didn ' t really like his we left hungry
Was thinking about doing something here in the spirit of Veterans Day . NOPE . No specials thought it would be a cool place for some younger vets to get together .
SERIOUS issues with overbooking , at least in their Prescott Valley location . Has occurred on all 3 of my appointments , so not just a one time occurrence .
Terrible food and they left mine siting on the counter which made it worse .
This place is fucking terrible . Undercooked shrimp and the miso soup tastes like 3 day old fish . And the service is slow as shit .
Good stuff for cheap but service was very very poor - I was waiting for chairs for over an hour .
Just went here and ordered a Big Mac and got it on a cheeseburger bun . I guess it ' s ok to rip customers off , I won ' t be going back .
Okay . Nothing special and or " wow " . Food is cheap and the portions are not that big . Service was okay . Lots of wing places in the area with better wings
Not the cleanest cicis I have visited . Pizza at noon wasn ' t very fresh either . But for $ 5 . 99 , you get what you paid for !
Currently under construction , the lines were tremendously long today . The RNC is coming to town , so the airport is being spiffed up .
The last couple times I flew into Cleveland . They did not have ground crews to take the plane to the gate and we had to sit on the Tarmac until they could find one
They sent me two raw pizzas and Scott there manager could care less .
Horrible service . My family went for dinner and sat there for 20 minutes and no one bothered to take our order . They should just put " Korean only " and not let anyone else in .
Gave this place 2 tries and was let down both times . . the chips were so bland and the burgers were . . . fine . Nothing extraordinary for the price . . wont go back .
I took my niece here for a pretty bad experience . The play was dingy and the service was slow with overpriced sugary goodies . Too touristy and too gimmicky . Will not waste time here again .
Worst service ever . If you like having proper service when dining out , do not go there . Unprofessional staff . It seems like it is their first time working as servers .
the sandwiches are a bit much for what you get and the wedding soup is one of the worst I have ever had poor value better off going to subway
Really terrible service , pizza was just ok , bloody marys are good .
Rude lady , she took my order today . 12 : 03pm . March 8 , 2018 .
They don ' t accept gift cards and they were rude about telling me as I tried to pay with a gift card . A bunch of bitches ! !
Slow , poorly cooked food , overpriced , unhelpful staff and menu that is barely somewhat legible . Tacos were not good , tortas almost as bad .
Absolutely hate this place , bad service and I got food poisoning . Couldn ' t get up for days . Beware of this place .
worst company ever . pushy sales people and I bought my humidifier there and they refused to help with a refund or a exchange . don ' t purchase anything here . you will regret it .
This was awful ! ! ! $ 15 for steak teriyaki , was a paper thin steak with nasty sauce . Edamame was luke warm , service was not very friendly .
Came here because of their appearance on Diners , Drive - ins and Dives . Had the spaghetti and meatballs , I was quite disappointed . The Old Fashioned Spaghetti Factory chain is better .
Terrible slots . Everything else good . Cheap breakfast 12am - 6am . Spacious floor , variety of rip off slots , nice amenities .
Scheduled to do tacos for an event and didn ' t show up until after the event was over . Put everyone in a bind . Horrible customer service .
Got seated by the host , waited for 15 Minutes and had to go find someone to take our drink order . Horrible Horible service . I know Applebees have bad service but this place is the worse .
Cheap quality food , hostile service though . Not my cup of tea , but it may be for others . . . .
Waited 20 mins in drive through for a cinnamon bun . . . ! ! ! Hav to be to work n 5 ! ! ! Went inside they hav no help long line inside too ! ! !
Service at new location is horrible . Been standing around for over 15 minutes with no one acknowledging I want to buy something
FYI . . . Although Yelp says its good for kids , it is not . There is a sign on the door at the hostess stand that says no children under the age of 6 are allowed .
service sucks and the food sucks . I don ' t recommend this restaurant at all . I would never eat here again .
It was My first time offering from this food truck and I found pubic hair . so unacceptable
The worst place ever ! Extremely expensive for horrible food and even worst service . They wouldn ' t even give us salt when we asked for it . I cannot believe how they have the rating they have
Its 630am and im waiting in line for what seems like an eternity for two breakfast sandwiches what ' s wrong with this place they just can ' t get it right
$ 14 ticket at any time means I ' ll never go back to this theater ever and no matter what ! ! ! ! Dumb move , harkins
The wings are so bad here . For a place that has " wings " in its restaurant name , I expect at decent wings . These were just awful which is just sad
Did not clean my car on one wash today . Unfortunately had to go through twice . It ' s a good thing I have the unlimited washes but I shouldn ' t have to go through twice .
There are no particularly nice amenities , most of it seems kind of dirty / contaminated . if I never spend another minute of my life here I ' d be super cool with that .
Two of my nails were very uneven and they refused to fix them . I guess their work is not guaranteed . Never going back there again .
Terrible service . Very unprofessional would never go back . Chose a different location in the epicentre if you want a good time and to be treated well .
I believe it ' s closed down , left multiple messages trying to give them some business .
Just got here and the service sucks . She doesn ' t like her job . Par , I knew we should have went to Longhorns . Always had a less then good experience at Logans .
Dimsum is top of the line but discovered discrepancy in bill by $ 20 - . Strongly suggest you meticulously review each item ordered . . . those chinese characters can be deceiving . . .
WAY too salty . Waiters spotty . Cook was a pervert and made us pretty uncomfortable . Over priced for the quality and quantity . I would say the sushi is decent though .
Very slow and dirty , bare minimum on pedicures and manicures get far better service and treatment for the same price or a little more almost anywhere . Do not recommend this place to anyone
Breakfast sandwich mediocre , hash brown sticks and coffee lukewarm . the gal at the window had a nice smile .
If you want feel taste fresh don ' t buy the lunch special . The place need to be clean more .
Their hours are listed incorrectly , I called them and the lady that answered said they are already closed . I don ' t understand why businesses lie about their hours here on Yelp .
We had ordered nutella Waffle with strawberries and the waffle was really hard probably because the batter was too thick . Not a good experience .
Getting service picking out shoes was great but the line took triple the time . It doesn ' t seem as if the cashiers know how to get the line moving . Horrible service . Beware when shopping here
What happened to this place ? It used to be great , but after reopening , food and service are both horrible .
Currently I am sitting in this restaurant with a COLD hot stone pot . Update to posted after this sadness .
I love Harris Teeter but this store is one I really don ' t care for . Service is awful . Manager is terrible . Store is older and needs to be remodeled .
Absolutely the worst buffet I think I ' ve ever been . Would of asked for my money back if it wasn ' t for the two for one coupon .
would not recommend this hospice service . I feel it did not listen to my request and was not there for me or my loved one when I needed them the most . I felt they were unprofessional .
Don ' t expect fast service at this location . Literally couple hours waiting to see doctor . Hope you aren ' t in pain .
If you don ' t pay these assholes $ 20 or more for a song , you won ' t hear your request . Don ' t bother with a request .
I don ' t recommend . The food was disgusting and service was very slow .
I ' m new moving to Newmarket and first time here , horrible and won ' t back , forget their sushi .
I called into this place to make sure they do notary . About 10 minutes later I drive over and they tell me she isn ' t there .
Meh this place was just OK . Not worth the wait considering going how many amazing breakfast places there are in the city . It ' s sister resto bluestar cafe is way better .
Why are there no half stars . It took an hour for the waitress to get us a beer . Horrible service . Food was ok though .
Service is soooo slow ! ! Food is good but nothing spectacular . Go to grand lux for beignets instead .
Cool concept - and prices are about right for the portions - pad thai is just a bit bland . Needs some more peanut taste or something . Potentially a curry pad thai - like in Toronto ?
Way overpriced and not worth it . They dont explain anything to you or offer receipts . I wont be back .
Don ' t take your phones to that place they are sucks they . An be good only to change screens but nothing major go to Apple Store it ' s more expensive but you save time and money
Went to this restaurant on Saturday at 6 : 30pm and the doors were locked and the chairs on the table . I suggest perhaps you have to call before you go to be sure they are open .
Service here is not good . Jason the server is not attentive . The place was not busy at all and they couldn ' t even come back to see if we were okay . Boo ! ! !
Lobster roll is small but good . 2 stars because it took 40 minutes to get the sandwich and the server never bothered to tell us there is going to be a delay !
Looked like they forgot to put salt in my fish and shrimps because they were very tasteless .
I don ' t recommend going to this place at all . The food is cold and with little variety . And the taste is not good . Avoid it if you can .
Disappointed . . . . . Large servings for breakfast , but not very tasty . Lamps over the tables are dirty and that is a turnoff . I do not need to return . Staff was nice .
Worst dental rip off in my 62 years . Dr Bae . Quack !
Arrive one hour late for your scheduled trip and you ' ll probably be on time . Greyhound service is always late .
Dinner was poor service , bad food and too expensive . Good location for happy hour only .
Very disappointed in this place ! They could not even make a good margarita ! It was way too sweet ! ! Couldn ' t wait to try Bobby ' s restaurant but the disappointment is real .
Worst service ever ! ! ! Took forever to get wings and it wasn ' t even crowded . Won ' t ever go back !
The absolute worst ! ! Rude managers - they don ' t even price match half the stuff they are supposed to . Avoid at all costs .
Service is a bit slow if ordering food . Drinks are decent .
This place is closed as of September 12 ' th 2014 , sign on the door says they were closed by order of the Nevada courts . ? ?
Good service & cold beer . I would recommend drinking here and eating elsewhere .
Bartender was semi attentive considering it was dead . Played $ 60 - zero comp on drinks . Eh . Convenient location but why come here when Distill is down the road ? Disappointed Bc so close
Great food , but every time we order to go , we come home to find that our order is always wrong . Very frustrating .
This place is way over rated for the price , there ' s always a wait . I can ' t understand why because the food isn ' t great and the service is subpar .
Just didn ' t have any fun here and I don ' t think I saw one person smiling the whole time I was here . . . bartenders included .
Terrible food . Only go here if you like gummy meat . It was , perhaps , the most disgusting meat I have ever had . Blech .
The fried chicken was hella dry ! Yarg ! Good service became non existent as soon as I paid the bill .
They have Bed Bugs that attacked me and I am left high and dry . I didn ' t even get refunded for the room . Can anyone respond ? !
I had ons bite and pooped all night thankfully i had a mini fridge in my bathroom with water
They also scatrched my truck with their buffer . I wouldn ' t wish this place on my worst enemy .
Terribly slow . We arrive here at 12 : 00pm just to return the car . The stuff asks us to wait and didn ' t appear again until an hour later . Terrible service .
We booked almost one month ago . When we come to the restaurant , the waiter tell us they cannot find our reservation ! It is thx giving ! ! Bad reception , suck ! ! ! !
Horrible ! We waited 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge us . . . Never happened . . . we just left !
Have had three bad experiences there I refuse to ever go back to starbucks . The people that work there were very rude to me and they are too expensive for that kind of service
I have eaten here 2 times and both meals were horrible . Too bad cause it ' s a cool place .
Bowling was a bit pricey . Pizza dough was a lil undercooked . Not sure if we would return .
Worst breakfast ever . All thr ingreadiants were from a jar , can or frozen . Nothing made fresh
Food is great . Read the reviews please . But the only thing is they ask for 10 % tip so be aware !
Horrible service ; ( the food was good , but the waitress was rude " Brenda " and they messed up the order the manager was kind . . . . .
The owner stole a bracelet brought in for repairs and has lied over and over about returning it .
Wyndam / Baymont did reimburse the room cost , but no objective answers to what did or will be done to rectify the rotten customer service and bad reviews for this franchise .
Ordered the chocolate rugelach . Stale . Too sweet . Would not recommend . I was told " Fresh but not necessarily baked today " . It tasted a few days old .
I was highly disappointed with this place , especially after reading all of the great reviews . The food was mediocre at best , the home potatoes were horrible , and everything was severely overpriced .
My daughter ' s chicken fingers tasted exactly like my beef brisket sandwich . Enough said .
We did not enjoy the food . Very plain food . Place was nice . Has a weird smell too . Sorry .
I got food poisoning . Honestly there are way better places to eat in vegas . Would NOT recommend . And the BLT was soooo gross
Service ok ! ! No hand soap in women ' s bathroom . Told the waitress about it and she said she would have to get the manager . Food took forever and it was not good .
I stayed here only one night , and left with over 100 bed bug bites . So did another person in my party . Don ' t stay here .
You get what you pay for . Wouldn ' t go back . Cheap food . Meat was tough and dry , variety was meh . Cheap , though .
Terrible got a large fries they sent the smallest fries I ' ve seen and all cold and over an hour waiting
Worst Einstein Bagel as far as service , cleanliness , and product availability . Out of everything took so long to get food etc
Spectacular gelato , but the worst customer service ! I wouldn ' t go back and spend my money in a place where their staff lacks all sorts of manners .
" We don ' t pay yelp so they haven ' t updated the hours " . We came in at 11 : 00pm to have tacos after comedy show . Was looking forward to some tacos .
New , nicely decorated restaurant , with very " AVERAGE " food . People are nice but the service is slow . There are better places - I won ' t return .
I was simply very dissatisfied with the food quality . Rather have less options and feel happy with those .
The food is good , but once we received our food we didn ' t see the waitress . We had to track her down 2x to even get the check . Service is lacking .
Fries are saltier than my attitude right now bruh take it down a notch . Hot n ' Spicy was adequate though . 24 hour drive thru is dank . Seriously those fries tho
Takes forever to get your hotel . I ' ve taken other services that were the same price and faster . Skip this one
Pizza oven down . Wasn ' t impressed with their sandwiches . Maybe try again when oven is fixed . Til then I would avoid .
I have NEVER had a positive experience , at this dealership . . . . . . . and by that , I mean the Sales and Service Areas . " and that ain ' t no bull "
They are not that nice and did nothing about having freezing cold air blown on me today . I asked twice , nothing done
this girl at the front counter with her nose ring has a nasty attitude and will mess up your order on purpose , who knows what else they do to the food .
Super slow ! ! ! Ugh I have to remember NOT to come here Again . . . . 30 minute wait in the drive thru
Got some breakfast to make at our hotel and a got some expired juice : ( dissatisfied !
Oliver wiped down my chair with filthy rag didn ' t tell me I sat down and whole back of my top was wet and smelly . Very unprofessional .
So rude ! ! The only reason I came here that it was halal . . . getting angry while I ' m making my decision ! ! !
Place is alright , definitely not what everyone hypes it up to be .
Very disorganized . I had an 8 am drug screening appt . . . . . . I have been waiting over an hour .
Dont waste your time with this place . They just lie to lure you in to pay cover and buy drinks . Terrible experience .
While the scallops were good , never have I had actual beer batter coated halibut - very distasteful . Also sticky surfaces & dead flies in the window .
Staff is unprofessional behind the counter and there ' s never any hot and ready pizza ready at a place that claims this as their motto .
Mediocre . Cold food that should be hot . Poor flavors . Only went because of a work thing . Would NOT recommend . I can see why they got 11 health violations in May 2016 .
Lines over an hour long . Taking over 30 minutes to prcocess a client ? Same thing with Budget in Vegas . This is mainly a reminder to myself to never use budget again .
Biscuits were hard as rocks . It took 45 minutes to get our 2 biscuits . The atmosphere is good and the establishment was clean .
Sashimi and sushi aren ' t fresh and they ' re heavily salted ( assuming that ' s how they ' re preserving their fish ) .
My friend and I were seated pretty fast but we waited 20 minutes and weren ' t even served water .
A generic bland sushi like so many in this continent . They are pretty cheap so no harm done if you just need to fill your hunger
Once again poor customer service . Love the car , but considering a 100k price tag the service department is one of the worst I have experienced .
When the bartender has to take 5 minutes to finish his cigarette before coming in and waiting on you . . . . why would anyone come here . Who cares about the food .
Love the food here but I ' ve never seen so many employees look so angry and sad . Be a little nicer next time !
Only one person was working the entire store during morning rush hour . Waited 15 minutes at the drive through . . . unacceptable !
Can I give this place a negative 1 ? They try to pretend they ' re super busy so they can over charge you ! Don ' t fall for it !
Food was good but the service was very bad . . . . . wait , wait , wait . 20 minutes for a margarita . Not coming back soon .
Second time in a row , no Longanesa . Half hour in line and 1 hour after opening . Very unsatisfied . If you know you have a high demand for an item make more for the day .
pro care medical center is so incompetent that they referred me to a podiatrist for my wrist injury
Service was very slow and they were out of some items . No apologies from anyone . I ' ll give it another shot soon .
I would have given it less if I could , half my brow on the left side is missing and the right side looks like a step ladder . Never going here again ! ! ! !
If the outside patio is full , keep driving unless you enjoy smelling like an ashtray after eating inside .
Ordered delivery . Pizza is nasty , cold , and took an hour to get to our hotel . Do not eat here . A picture is worth a thousand words .
Slow service , dirty dining area , medicore food . Not one of the better BK ' s in the Scottsdale area . Play area for kids is decent though .
Going into lee ' s tonight with my son and his best friend , we got the worst service ever , the food wasn ' t that good , worst service ever .
They serve hard pretzels that obviously have been sitting there for hours and management doesn ' t care about it . Don ' t waste your money , wetzel pretzel is on the lower level .
We ordered 5 spice chicken took a long time to get it and when it came chicken was RAW BLOODY ! ! service was slow at midnight . paid bill in full .
A bit greasy on the pizza crust - when the pizza is gone there ' s a big oil slick in the box . Also the pieces are floppy . Nice people and ok service though .
Fun atmosphere . . . Bad service . Didn ' t receive our appetizer and our orders came out incorrect . Ran out of beverages and did not get checked on once . Will not be back .
Worst place ever ! The help was using a dirty rag to clean around the trays and was touching the food with the dirty rag . Feel sick now . Gross !
This place was the best buffet around until it went under new ownership a few months back . Its currently disgusting
Horrible . They rescheduled on me after having me wait for their tech an hour , on 2nd attempt to look at my dishwasher they were and hour and a half late .
incompetent and should not be in the healthcare industry . If you value your life , get your medical equipment from some place else .
Terrible food straight of of a brick of veveeta cheese and porky rinds . . . . peach margarita was awful will never waste a thought on this place again .
Six months later , I am still disgusted . I won ' t eat scallops . Thank you Biltmore for ruining a crustacean species for me .
olive garden again terrible sauce over cooked pasta dirty table what else busy place welcome to carolina no italian restaurants
what a bunch of jerks they patched my pants with a piece of poor spandex fabric so it unravelled again do not recommend
Mercedes used to be such a great brand with excellent customer service , but something has changed . Look up defective balance shaft sprocket on the M272 and M273 engines .
Not terrible but the one foam roller is always missing and it could be cleaner . Sometimes a guy cleans at 6pm when it ' s most packed
It reminds me of a 99 cent store of crafts , and not in a good way . Inventory seems old and dated .
By far the rudest group of employees I ' ve ever encountered . They also don ' t really help when you ' re trying to find an item .
We arrived an hour before close and there was barely anything left . Everything else was Luke warm and just tasted old and gross . Pretty much a waste of money .
The Tiger Cry tasted horrible ! It tasted like old meat . I couldn ' t even eat it because it tasted bad and it was very very tough !
Not impressed Just ok . Was expecting mouth melting steaks , and all I got was an outrageous check .
Nice thrift store . Would give a better rating if it weren ' t for the extremely unhelpful jerk in the fedora that works there .
Very bad customer service , did not wanna make me a colossal pizza , very lazy , threatened me , cussing & left a nasty message on my voice mail don ' t ever go here
This Subway used to be good , but management must have changed because it ' s not good anymore . I ' ll never come back again .
walmarts doesn ' t take rx cards for opoids as of 6 - 1 - 18 they claim they are fighting the crisus I say they are getting richer
Food might have been good , however they were out of rice , Guacamole , and oh ya , CARNE ASADA .
Filthy and terrible customer service . Every order has always been wrong . This place is terrible . Quality is horrible . Everything tastes stale and old . Thanks for wasting my time .
Don ' t plan on planning a private event with them in the upstairs bar as the event manager is " TOO BUSY " to get back with you .
Wasn ' t too impressed with this place . . . Food was flavorless . . . And the service was sooooo sloooow ! ! ! Took forever to get our food .
They are closed . New restaurant is Terrace Cafe and it ' s amazing . Welcome to the hood .
Love Dr . Michaels and Dr . Herman , but wait times are ridiculous . Even if you have an appointment , you ' ll still have to wait 20 - 30 minutes after your scheduled time .
Not impressed . Technician didn ' t show up during scheduled time and they didn ' t even have the courtesy to call us . Terrible customer service ethics .
$ 50 gets you a trainer appointment where your given a sales pitch instead of advice . The facility is a hallowed out former bank and is less then adequate .
SLOW . Slow getting propane , and was surly . slow renting vehicle ( took almost an hour ) . Tire was low and then needed replacing . On the upside they took a day off rental .
Bad experience . Dog got pink eye when I picked him up . Vet bill cost me $ 200 . They still charged me for the groom . Would never go back or recommend .
The prices so expensive and the quantity is so bad . i bought breakfast almost $ 10 just 6inch sub and coffee . the employees were very rude .
Awful avoid . Greasy and super oily and cheap stuffings that ' s super overlooked
This is the slowest Taco Bell ( or any restaurant ) I ' ve ever been to . Been in line for just over half an hour with 6 cars in line . Eat anywhere else .
nooo DD will have to improve much more ! After my little doughnut tour in the west coast , a DD will never compare to a mighty or a vodoo
The OM Miguel is the worst . He treat his employees at the front desk and kids klub like crap . He ' s on a ridiculous power trip . He ' s the typical mansplaining douche .
This company could not give me Internet information , prices service etc . until I signed a two year contract for cable . I think I dodged a bullet in dealing with this company .
Service was terrible and the restaurant was pretty empty . Out of some of the drafts . Sat at the bar . Only had a beer and left .
Bad choice for vegetarians . Roti kanai was good . Tried basil fried noodles , it wasn ' t great .
How are all the ovens not working at the same time ? ? ? ? Also , the staff could smile a bit , if you hate mornings , don ' t work mornings .
Looks and tasted like industrial food . It ' s just ok . Nothing extraordinary about it
Guest list does not mean guest list . We were offered a slightly discounted ticket the day before an event . Mark Wu was very unclear in his email and kind of rude .
I went to buy cosmetic there n spent 200dollars and they give me perfume sample so I took it n it was empty bottle . What the hell ?
No selection . High price . Food mediocre . You get your own drinks . No carving station . Do your research and spend your cold hard cash on a real buffet .
worst rib i ' ve ever had . the waitress seemed very impatient , and pushed you to leave so that others can come eat .
I never did get a response from the management on the horrible handling of the credit system being down .
I walked in and immediately realized that this overly publicized spot attracts the intelligent and yet unsexy bald patron , intelligent enough to tem the enough to ready the
Stupidly ate here a second time . Never again . Food is bad and prices are high .
This placed jumped the shark . . . mediocre service + cold hash browns + ehhhh omelet = worrisome trend . Last year , this was a much better spot .
The delivery took over an hour . Pizza was cold . I ' m sure warm it would actually taste ok .
The people behind the counter were very polite . The food here was not that great rice tasted funky meat was dry even with a ton of sauce on it . The sauce was bland .
Food took forever . People working there just seemed annoyed that people were there . Waitress making annoyed sounds and gestures to people behind their back . No good .
Crepe taste creepy ! Very dry and not juicy at all . Disappointed since it has high stars in yelp right now .
This place was shitty years ago . I had to work late so the wife wanted pizza and wings . . . GARBAGE . THIS SHIT IS GARBAGE . Now Angelinas dont sound so bad .
Customer Service was Very Poor at the Buffet and The security was rude . feel so sorry for my kid and my husband .
The room was nice , HOWEVER , when we looked at the air intake filters . I have never seen ones as bad as theses . No where to post the photos I took .
Terrible customer service . My friend and I had a terrible experience . With so many nail salons to choose from in this area , you would be better off going anywhere else .
They overcharge you and don ' t expect you to find the charges . Be sure to inspect every charge on your bill when you stay here because they often cannot explain the charges .
Place seemed legit but not friendly for out of towners . We waited in line for 45 minutes to find out they don ' t take out of state vertical identification cards . . . Lame
Horrible service all three times I ' ve been here . Talk about consistency . The ranch is really good which is why the two stars were given
Sweet and Sour Pork was dry and the sauce was watered down to the consistency and taste of fruit juice . Very disappointed .
Terrible place they took forever to serve you and I had to threaten them I was going to leave and dispute charge on my card if they didn ' t serve me .
Meh ! Sorry to disappoint but these are not Soup dumplings . . Besides that fact , the dumplings still are not good . . My recommendation - pass .
Yuck . Service was fine but consistency of ice cream was gross , almost like custard . Artificial sweetener aftertaste . Huge disappointment .
If I could give this place zero stars I would . Service was awful but the food was worse . Taco shells were old and had barely any meat . Sauce was watered down . Not a fan .
I am sure that this place is closed down .
Cowboy huge breakfast . Weak coffee . Cold beans . sent plate back . Then Excellent food . Huevos Rancheros on a huge platter . Yum .
Toaster is broken or they skimping on the heat . Subs came in cold . Toppings were minimal . Had to ask to give me more lettuce . Twice this occurred . Avoid this one
This is a water reclamation center not an actual waterfall the water does fall and you can get nice pictures there as shown below but again it is a water reclamation center not an actual fall .
The storefront is interesting and fun , but the cupcakes were pretty dry , and the cupcake shake was bland . The cupcakes are way overpriced and the workers are unfriendly .
Longest wait ever in the drive thru . Get it it together . There is no reason it should take 30 minutes just to wait to get to order .
Had to wait over an hour just to pee in a cup ! Highly recommend to avoid this place at all cost .
I do believe this gallery is now closed . I peeked into the gap in between the front door and it appears to be some mild construction going on inside .
The service here is not exactly friendly . In addition they only had one cook who ended up giving our order to people who ordered after us . No apologies . I would not recommend this place .
I wish we could treat customers like there employees treat people . People who work here a a freaking joke ! !
Horrible place to go . The bouncers WILL ruin your time before you even get in and anywhere in old town is better than this place
Ordered food from hospital ! Hungry staff ! No call backs ! No one answering phones three hours later ! How can you keep customer !
2 times i have ordered a sandwich here . There is no mayonnaise , mustard , oil , vinegar . How the sandwich is fixed is how i eat it . It is dry and without flavor .
Disapointing . Waited 35 minutes for entrees . Pad Thai was bland . I think they might have forgotten the peanut sauce . Could have gotten better Asian in Philadelphia .
Rude staff and awful customer service giving wrong information with confidence ! Nose piercing black woman looked like she is high or on some sort of drugs that slows her down terribly .
This used to be my favorite place until a small worm was on my roll . We took a video of it and management offered to pay for meals . Never will eat there again .
Disappointed in my purchase . . i was expecting 12 bagels in a dozen but received only 10 . . . . i felt robbed . . . . . royally ! ! ! !
I made a mistake by coming to , I think , the only mex . rest . that doesn ' t do Taco Tuesdays ! won ' t happen again , will not be back . . .
Bland and don ' t like how everything comes with no sauces ! No sushi either would been happier to loose my money on one spin at the roulette table . .
I would not even call this place an Italian Restaurant . My wife and I ordered Chicken Parm . The chicken was overcooked and the gravy was raw . Tasted like it just came out of a can .
Nothing on the menu really appealed to me . Got the chilled shrimp . Would NOT recommend unless you want to feel like super salty .
Doesn ' t seem like they care about the food they serve compared to other Carl ' s . Second time giving it a shot and I won ' t be back .
Overpriced . Did I just pay $ 30 for a soggy , excessively - oily pizza ? Ugh . Also , service was as slow as a snail . Not worth the visit , trust me .
Only have seating for 2 parties of 8 or larger . Avoid this restaurant if you have a large group . They do not have reservations or call ahead seating . VERY DISAPPOINTED ! ! ! ! ! !
Very disappointed with my chicken salad . Huge chunks of chicken , hard to chew . Loaded with what was supposed to be sprouts but was more like stalks . A very small portion of actual chicken .
Concession food is awful and overpriced . The seating is as tight as a sardine can . Otherwise , this place is great !
Worst thai fast food ever ! Tried it twice few years ago when they first opened havent and will never go back !
I ordered a meal through Grub Hub . After two hours , I gave up and cancelled the order . Terrible management and follow through ! Don ' t bother ordering from this place .
These people were so rude ! No regard for patient confidentiality whatsoever . I was treated as if I were a second - class citizen . I walked out .
Uncomfy beds great location if you came to party . Check in was smooth . Casino was nice . The staff was well spoken . Would not recommend for family trips
Additionally the waiter changed the tip and I had to call the credit card company to adjust his alleged fraud
Not a place I look forward to visiting ! Take long lines and combine it with terrible customer service . The staff are not receptive to answering questions , providing rude and incomplete responses . No professionalism .
Not very good . I had the steam dumplings . Not sure what it is . The dumpling skin was good . Filling ok , I think I could be the sauces that they have too salty .
Got a groupon no one answer the phone and voice mail not setup saw similar review on Yelp ! !
Contradicting info on shop hours . . Not open at 10am or 10 : 30 . Visiting from out of state , don ' t have all day to wait for them .
Most things are good in the menu . . . . . the fried rice is the worst ever . . . . . made by total amateurs . . . . . .
45 degrees with a car painted in salt and you are closed , on a Saturday . Thanks for nothing
They have the WORST Thai Iced Tea ever ! Don ' t even try this place .
These mother fuckers hit an ran my car ! Eye witness took down their cab number and license plate . Your busted !
Waited 45 mins and no one approached me . Never going back . Horrible customer service .
paid an hour massage but got only 40 minutes . masseuse does not know how to do massage period . will not going back .
Ordered delivery of A smoothie and a flatbread . . I live 3 miles away . Going on an hour wait
