THE . BEST . BBQ . EVER . Carolina red , pulled chicken , ribs , twice baked potato casserole , pit beans . Perfection .
Love love this place , the creamy garlic dressing the the absolute best ! They treat you like family here !
We ' re so lucky to have this place close by for our lunch spot go to ! Unique style pizza that is incredibly tasty - you can taste the freshness and quality of all the ingredients .
Great individualized service , you feel they really care . They ' re educated in foot issues and have a great selection .
Excellent customer service and clean store . Melissa who helped us is excellent and the store manager Donna is excellent too . Definitely coming back . .
What a fun night . Thrilling and very challenging . If I did not know the answer , I would do it again and again .
Yum ! Took our family of four . Between us , we tried a burger , a fry plate and 2 sammiches . All were delicious . We will absolutely be back
Customer services amazing ! They take their time and patience on your nails They try their best to match your nail color if you need a repair .
Wow ! The hummus and pita was bomb diggity . The good earth pita was pretty good , my friend loved her california turkey on ciabatta . Very good .
Best chinese food I ' ve had since moving to Vegas . Eat here , you won ' t be disappointed !
Great delivery service . I love the Philly Cheese Steak . But my son says the Pizza is the best .
Fast friendly service ! Got a battery for my husbands truck ! Would definitely return !
Gary i service is the best ! He goes above and beyond to make sure you are taken care of . Definitely recommend . : ) Alison
The people here are awesome ! Love lesley and Maya they do great work ! Glad to help them with boards . Very professional , clean and great customer service .
I ' m definitely coming back to this place the next time I ' m in Las Vegas . The food is really nice .
Love the extra large shower curtains . Weight area was great , not a single random water bottle of towel laying around . Plenty of free weights to use and the equipment worked really well .
The bomb ! These people know how to do oysters right ! There is most definitely a right and wrong way .
This is a nice quiet place , great ambiounce , and great place to just unwine with a great food and lattes . Also out you are looking for authenticity this is the place to go .
This was the most i have ever paid for breakfast . . . however it was money well spent . The foot was scrumptious and the service was great . . .
I definitely love this place . Duck rice had such a unique fragrance and the flame of the fiery chocolate tart was definitely good for ins lover lol . Sake was expensive but of high quality .
Thank you , Ray and Amy . Very interactive , fun and funny . Must ride . Very informative . Know their city well .
I have been brining my family here for years the food and the prices are Awesome ! ! ! Thanks so much for making lunch a great time
Wow . In town for the Fiesta Bowl , looking for New Years Day dinner destination . Outstanding food , service , ambiance .
烤鸭很好吃！鸭皮很脆！生日请朋友还有家人来还送了我一个鸭子存钱罐礼物！蟹黄豆腐也很好吃，小鸭酥很可爱，服务员一直在讲解和满足我们的要求，还经常给我们换盘子，能在多伦多吃到这么正宗的中餐好棒，大家都吃得很开心！
We got a great price on our laminate flooring . 98cents . and free padding . Store is great for home decor ! ! ! Friendly people !
Always have a great time here . Good family place atmosphere . Live music cold beer and rides for the kids . Jut very over crowded
Super friendly and professional staff . Reasonable pricing and great results . I ' ve gone there for laser hair removal as well as some skin tightening . Very happy with both .
Great little hidden treasure off the clutter of the Strip ! ! ! ! !
Amazing pho for the price . The service during the weekday lunch is great .
Turkey and pesto panini is amazing . Also the turkey sub . Owner is so friendly and the food is so reasonably priced . Best lunch spot with local prices .
This is my favorite Chick - fil - A . Delicious chicken , family oriented . They have great family nights once a month . Friendly staff , and great customer service .
Awesome place , if you haven ' t been the GO . We spent our Easter Sunday here and it was a blast .
Great food great vibes an all around good time . I had the salmon picata , they killed it . The staff was friendly , Sheree was an awesome server !
Really friendly staff . Had the poutine which was delicious ! Love that it ' s open late . Good for late night eats or a quick lunch !
I really like this place food is really good prices are super affordable and the staff is very nice , they get five stars from me for sure !
Tacos , burritos all traditional Mexican at a reasonable price , improved wait lines . fresh juices , fruits , cakes , carnicería / butcher shop . I highly recommend their marinated meats .
This place is amazing . A friend told me about it and sonam is the best barber in town . Congrats on your new store . I will come back for sure
Rarely do the dining gods allow such a combination of food quality , drink indulgence and service mastery . Thanks for a fantastic experience !
Great service and lovely staff . Went there for waxing and I never breakout like I do after waxing from other salons . Will definitely recommend it
Omg I cried watching this show with all of the beauty . It was unbelievable . Everything about it . It was funny & quirky but also very deep . I recommend watching this one . Love cirque .
Niloo is great ! ! Best eyebrows I ever had ! Really positive and relaxing place . I recommend it !
Best tailor in Las Vegas ! We always go to this place for Habib ' s excellent service , you wont be disappointed .
Amazing pizza and calzones - and nice staff to boot ! We never have any leftovers .
Uno de los mejores lugares para cenar de Scottsdale , definitivamente la " fuente de mariscos " , los cortes y sobre todo no debes de dejar de probar el butter cake .
Pretty good seafood . . . . I had the grilled salmon salad and it was tasty . . . . the salad was fresh and the salmon was seasoned well
Basic , small sushi restaurant - but amazing customer service , price , and take out experience ( tea and order taken from a seat at the bar ? Yes please . )
Not everything you read is always true . This has been a great community to live in . Very convenient and close to all kinds of shopping . Very welcoming and friendly staff . Highly recommended .
One of the best places in Gilbert . The food is great , the staff is friendly and the margaritas are the best ! !
Red , White , and Green pizza - - Yummy ! ! ! ( I think it ' s the same one Morgan T recommended . ) I make trips across town just for that pizza .
Miguel with Infinity Landscape is amazing ! He takes such care and pride in his work . Everything is done to perfection .
Chocolate . Enough said . Seriously . Yelp wants me to write more . It ' s chocolate . That ' s all you need to know . Is CHOCOLATE ! IT ' S CHOCOLAAAAAAAAATE !
The best Pho Dac Biet i ever had ! Helpful staffs ! Delicious chicken wings and fried veggie egg roll ! !
LOVE THIS PLACE . The spicy Tuna hand rolls are bomb . They deliver , and it ' s always correct and super fast . So nice to get quality sushi delivered . Love it .
I can believe their is a wiener circle in Las Vegas . Coming from Chicago this was always a favorite . By far the best dog in Vegas .
Fantastic ! Fresh healthy and delicious . And close to where I live will be coming back ALOT !
Spectacular selection and great deals on kratom !
First time trying Ramen and Ramen Noodle was amazing . The service was friendly and fast . We also got sushi and it didn ' t disappoint . I highly recommend Ramen Noodle !
Great prices and did the job for the next day even though he was going on vacation he did a great job with my alterations
Delicious , authentic , and affordable . I come here all the time and i have never been dissapointed . Place is also very clean even the restrooms lol .
I love this place , steam egg is really good , good quality of meat ! ! ! And their service is really nice , the server is friendly
Went in just after 1 o clock and it was wonderful . Friendly service , fast order time , and prices in line with any other upscale fast food joint . Will definitely be back .
Friendly service , and the price was perfect . The food was delicious . I will decently come back .
best 锅贴 of my life so juicy so fried so big so yummy literally highlight of my day I would come here again ! ! ! 锅贴 for life
JONI cuts my hair , she always does a good job ! ! Thank You highly recommend great clips
Great place ! It ' s a little expensive since they stopped offering vouchers so I won ' t be going now as often , but the food is great and it ' s very filling : )
Excellent . Stopped here during a road trip from DC , found the pastries and sandwiches to be delightful and the staff welcoming and friendly . Wouldn ' t miss this place on return trips .
Great sausage gravy , fabulous biscuits . I loved the andouille sausage biscuit with gravy .
Great service ! Best turkey burger I ' ve had in a long time !
Best bbq on town . Desserts are delicious .
Always super fresh food and friendly service . The bread and yummy treats here are worth the carbs
Had another great meal here . The waitress was a delight and very helpful and attentive . Some of her helpers were not quite " with it " but the food was great and very tasty .
They catered lunch for work earlier this week . I fell in love and had to go back already . Try the blt chicken wrap . It ' s in your best interest people
Amazing store . The ladies who work there are amazing and very helpfull . Its a beautiful place full of treats and nice things for your dog . Go local business ! !
Best Chinese restaurant , very elegant and good food . Great seafood here too , and good service .
Great folks ! Been there for oil changes and new battery and Brandon took great care of me . Will be back !
Love the food and their service is A + + Highly recommend ! ! The menu is very extensive and never disappointing
- - UPDATE : Closed now , they moved to Auntie Lee on Green St . Really good food and service . They have the best egg rolls !
Delicious pizza ! We had the Magahritta and House special . I highly recommend this place to anyone in or visiting Las Vegas .
Great Chinese food and service . Been there twice and had excellent food both times . Will be back again !
Love this place ! We often come here after dim sum , and the drinks are always fresh and quickly made ! Highly recommend ! ! : )
The 5 star here just cuz I had the most spectacular !
Perfect location to make everyone happy . They accommodated our soccer group at the last minute and everyone left full and happy . Would recommend to anyone looking for a different option for a quick meal .
Amazing food , lightning fast service . Great atmosphere . Everything I ordered was amazing will come back for sure .
Have great instructors wonderful classes and affordable prices !
Amazing food and nice people . I will be back very soon . This is the place to go for sea food !
Great addition to the neighborhood ! I ' ve been there twice now since they opened and very enthusiastically endorse the food , drinks and staff .
Excellent food . The Crevettes salutes a la Shrimp was cooked to perfection with a light sauce . And 48 sliced chicken with setzchwan pepper and crispy spinach was amazing .
First time going to the SideBar was great ! Tasty drinks and trendy decor . Find me there EVERY sunday , 20 % entire menu . Bartenders are AWESOME !
Best fajitas outside of Mexico ! Fantastic service and great prices !
Had a nice pot of tea and read a book for a couple hours . Great place to read or do work , or have a conversation . Welcoming and warm environment !
This place is so good ! ! Great drinks and amazing food . Love their osso bucco or scallops but their menu changes all the time and is fantastic !
Had here oil change today . Quick and convenient . Free WiFi and coffee ( mocha , expresso , hot chocolate ) . Nice waiting room with TV . Durand Larsen take care of customers with professionalism .
I love this place ! Great food , music and wine ! Can ' t go wrong ! Try the chicken marsala , it will change your life .
Great food , excellent service . Love this place . Easy to walk in and eat . Good menu selections . I suggest the Meat Grandma
Awesome food and great customer service . our waitress was the bomb . com . Have to try the avocado omelette skillet WOW !
Good food , lively atmosphere , & kind service . Casual or special night . . . you ' ll enjoy yourself and have a new place on your list of " regulars " .
The best coffee rubbed filet and apps we have ever had . Just an amazing restaurant overall . We are hue Bobby Flay fans and this is a fabulous place to eat ! ! Also amazing service ! !
Great service . Definitely will be going back . Honest and to the point . If you don ' t want to get something done they are respectful about it . Also all around just nice guys .
Delicious and very affordable food . Great Cantonese taste , and they have a very wide range of choices . That is very rare among Dim Sum restaurants .
Sabrina was our server and was awesome . Always checking back and offered a pitcher of margaritas that we agreed on and were great . The ribs , the fried shrimp and the flat bread pizza were great .
I came here with my sister for some tea and wow the tea , coffee and drink selection exceeded my expectations . The place is also clean well stocked and employees are friendly .
i have always hated that massages were so expensive . for this price i will def go back many times ! ! ! they also did a great job and it was very relaxing . . .
Great service and the House Beef Noodles are amazing . Authentic Chinese flavor . Careful - " medium spicy " is too spicy for many people !
really good food , awesome prices , great ambiance and really nice customer service .
My favourite museum in Toronto . They try new and challenging things and have wonderful programs for family .
This is my favorite pizza in Pittsburgh . Don ' t know why exactly , everything just comes together perfectly at this place . 6 stars .
Only location on the South Side , which will lead me to believe that it will become very busy as more people find out about it . The food selection is very good and is very inexpensive .
Went for dim sum and had a good experience . The staff are very polite and accommodating , the atmosphere is pleasant , and the food was tasty . No complaints !
Very friendly staff Highly recommended it ! Prices might is high as it ' s Vegas . I will visit again
Great pizza , best in downtown Las Vegas . prices are good service is very good and fast give it a shot if you ' re downtown
The ambiance , the presentation , the service and of course food was THE BEST . Each entree was unique and definitely coming back !
Seriously a great place to eat ! The people were very nice and the place is clean and well just fun to grab a bite even with kids
Excellent and friendly service and best breakfast burrito and salsa ever . Humongous . Nice atmosphere too . Love this place .
The best part about this hotel is the location . Clean room , comfortable . Nice service
Great Mediterranean salads in Henderson . Love their menu and is great value for money . We liked their unique juices as well .
After two previous Oculoplasts , Dr . Mihora diagnosed my problem . She is the most friendly , approachable , knowledgeable doctor I ' ve seen ! She saved me from an unnecessary operation .
Maybe they read their reviews . No complaints , food is very good and staff is very friendly .
Gerry ' s is the place to go for honest and knowledgeable boat repairs and parts . He ' s straight up and trustworthy !
Always super friendly staff . I love that I can create my own pita . Healthier option that always fills me up and tastes great ! Will keep coming back !
Great place . Informative on jewelry buys . Biggest buyer of jewelry in Vegas . Transparent , direct and friendly .
Always great when we go and love the large selection ! James was our server today and he went above and beyond with customer service !
They recently hired a new chef and the food now is amazing . They offer complementary green tea and the servers are very pleasant . Much recommended .
Beautiful place to enjoy a sunset dinner - makes you forget you are in the desert !
This is a top notch joint in Las Vegas . Food and service are excellent . Good place to go for a nice steak .
Delicious and healthy for any meal of the day ! Perfect for eating in or takeout and lots of vegetarian and vegan options without the whole menu being for vegetarians / vegans ( so everyone is happy )
Great AYCE Japanese food ! Food is fresh and the staff is friendly . Will definitely come again next time ! : )
Booked through Airbnb and we got the 33rd floor strip view with balcony ! Amazing experience , huge bathroom with nice bath tub and rain style shower . The view was amazing !
This great food is so good ! The ingredients are so fresh it makes me wonder if they have their own garden . We come here each time we passed through Las Vegas
Great cozy place for a well prepared meal . My favorite dishes are the potato pancakes , Irish nachos , fisherman stew , and best of all , the short ribs . Nice beer selection as well .
* good hot & sour * good combo meals * fast delivery ( faster than the estimated time by 30 min ) * fresh ingredients * nice delivery guy My new go - to Chinese !
Look for mark . He is the Wonderful Server , me , my husband and kids had good time . Yes , thie place is family friendly
Great place . I ' m a Chicago native and really missed having this place around . the mozzarella triangles are to die for
Huge place with free pool on Sunday ' s ! Huge tvs at literally every angle - - this place is for you if you plan on watching football Nice service !
great coffee , even better service . Definitely a great place to hit up for that coffee fix
Great store with a huge selection . Very helpful staff . I would recommend stopping by when you have plenty of time to browse
Best coffee in Humber Bay ! The Gelato always looks tempting . Super friendly staff and always very clean .
Neighborhood regular stop for us . Friendly ambiance coupled with great food . A must for Pizza , and the short rib ! Plenty of great appetizers !
Good Pho and very nice spring roll here . I really love soup here Coz the test is so good and they ' re serve very big place also food come so fast .
My favorite place ! It ' s never too packed & we always get helped right away . We never have to wait too long for our food & it ' s always so damn good !
I miss barrio now that I live back on the east coast . The tacos here are amazing and the queso dip . . . i have dreams about the queso dip .
Awesome place to work at love it we try to be courteous to all of the customers that come in here and we try to keep our store clean and stocked
Use this location all the time . They ' re awesome ! Friendly staff and super easy to just drop packages off and go !
I have been going to manuels for 5 years now . The atmosphere is great . I recommend the green chili chimichanga . Everything that I have tried there has been wonderful .
Best pizza ! ! friendly and prompt service pizza is always fresh and hot when it ' s delivered ! ! Definitely generous on the toppings
I always make it a point to visit Honey Pig when I come to Vegas . Great food and service ! The meal ends with their kimchi fried rice which is included .
Bad ass vegan food . Dope smoothies , vibrant flavours . The one must go to for me me everytime I hit Toronto .
O the vegan days and these scrumptious vegan dogs that you are not able to distinguish the difference between a real hotdog and a vegan dog .
I visited this place twice during my visit in Phoenix . Nice place , tasty food , very accurate and responsible staff .
best most underrated sushi place in Richmond Hill ^ _ ^ lunchtime specials and sushi boats are awesome here . plus they have Korean food
This is once of my favorite restaurant ' s the steak is delicious . Every time that we want to eat a good steak we go here .
Been to location a few times . I ' m Italian and love this type of food . Service is also great : ) Thank u Olive Garden !
My grandma and I come here from time to time , and it ' s amazing no matter what we get or who waits on us . It ' s a wonderful experience and I love coming here .
The service is on point and the gellato was delicious . Worth going back . I like the peanut butter topping .
Just left this location . Zero on the service scale , zero on the food order scale and zero fot management . If you work hard for your money spend it somewhere else .
Love ! Coffee heaven ! Multiple cold brews on tap and delicious baked treats . Our barista James was the best ! Knowledgeable and great service . Thanks Cartel , great job !
Thank you for calling me back about my baby quail . We found her a little late . She passed away . Thank you for helping me assist the baby .
Great customer service and back and forth communication , wife loved the arrangements big thank you !
This concert of West Side Story was absolutely wonderful . I wanted to see it again , and I wish I could purchase a recording of it . It was the best Tony I ' ve ever heard .
Rob is a great bartender that loves what he does . Will go back definitely for the service and food .
My husband brought me here for dinner on Valentines and I really enjoyed it . We each ordered their aged steak , the Mac and cheese , and asparagus with hollandaise sauce . It was awesome ! !
Muchos lugares para comer tacos pero como este no hay 2 están buenísimos ( vien perrones ) lo único malo es k solo aseptan cash ( efectivo )
The customer service here is awesome ! ! ! Food is good for the price , their Salt & Pepper Shrimp is great . Location is great as well .
The best sandwich joint in Cleveland hands down ! ! So many great menu options and the daily specials are always delicious !
I really loved this show . It was sexy and really funny . My kind of humor . I loved the host .
Great pizza . Looks like a hole in the wall but if deserves a chance . This is the best pizza I ' ve found in Cleveland yet . Good prices for the pies and friendly staff .
Food is great better than Boling crab ; great customer service Alex and the rest of the servers are wonderful .
Really good food , friendly and nice owner . Will definitely recommend this place .
Top quality food , great atmosphere , awesome staff and wide alcohol selection . Our go to place for pho !
Exceptional service from an exceptional dealership . Thank you Earnhardt Team ! Thank you for everything today Ricardo ! I appreciate your excellent customer service !
The burgers are delicious and a good price . The bag bang sauce is great , ask for an extra side for your fries . The restaurant is fast casual and very clean
Best Korean food I had in a while . Shrimp with garlic was my favorite , although the Korean spare ribs were also delicious . You can ' t go wrong with this place . Very attentive servers .
I ' ve been to a few spin studios in Calgary and this is hands down the best one . . . best facility , best retail , nicest environment and I love the instructors !
Awesome , Great , Fantastic , Rich & Creamy ! ! ! Loved the cappuccino ice - cream and the coconut was good as well .
Incredible BBQ ! Loved the beef brisket and baked beans , the meat was perfectly tender ! We had this meal catered in for lunch and we all were so happy with the food !
The sushi was fresh and fantastic . The service was great and the place was very clean . Definitely coming back !
Ted was fantastic ! ! ! ! ! Furniture and carpet looked brand new and he worked very diligently ! Would highly recommend ! Also , price was extremely competitive ! Five stars !
Update : One year later and still going to Margaret for all of my tailoring . Great new location ; same top - quality work . Couldn ' t be happier .
The filet mignon was really , really good . A great overall meal . Staff was good too .
Very authentic Italian food you can tell it ' s made from scratch . . . . our server Dylan was amazing ! ! !
I ' m a new patient here . Excellent experiences so far . Dr . Jenna and Heather are top notch . Thanks for everything !
Food was bomb ! Got the pad thai with chicken and panang curry ! Free thai coffee and thai tea refills !
Great place to rent a mountain bike andc do thev red rocks canyon trail which is right out the door outdoor adventure makes Vegas worthwhile for me I get tired of the other scene
Restaurant is very small with only a few tables . The food is excellent however and very reasonably priced . I had the Sashimi Bento and thoroughly enjoyed it . I will certainly return to this restaurant .
Calm , inviting atmosphere . One of the best coffees I ' ve had in a while . Great use of space and friendly service . Will be back often !
My favorite liquor store in the valley . Deidra is the manager there . The real MVP . Salute .
Very nice hotel and friendly staff . The bartender at the bar is awesome . Have him create a shot or drink for you ! ! You won ' t regret it .
Amazing oreo s ' more blizzard according to my husband . I went with the basic as always Reese ' s blizzard bomb . com . Oh & they have a drive thru big plus .
Shannon Tudor is THE best and she wouldn ' t be all she is without Guido ! ! Lexie is awesome too ! ! They are the reason why I buy and continue to buy Lexus ! !
Dr Van Dkye and her staff are FANTASTIC ! I have been a loyal fan for over 15 years . . . . . . Highly recommend Van Dyke Aesthetics !
This place is amazing ! Absolutely love the service ! Stop by and ask for AJ , he ' s the best !
Cute store , friendly and attentive service . Nice , clean items and well displayed . Fun sales ideas and great Instagram posts too . Worth the trip to the store !
I had the burger and potato salad . The burger was absolutely delicious . The service was very friendly and fast as well . These guys definitely know how to cook some cow .
This place is awesome . It has a great sports bar atmosphere . . . and a great happy hour . Go here with friends for a chill vibe and good drink / food specials .
This place has good frozen coffee drinks and their service is pretty quick and friendly ! Would come back !
This place is the best greek food I have found in vegas . Hands down worth the drive off the strip .
This is a great new Mediterranean Cafe . Everything is fresh and tasty . The staff was very courteous and efficient .
A small quaint little Italian restaurant . The prices , wine , and food were outstanding ! ! I thoroughly enjoyed dinner at this fine establishment .
Outstanding service ! They aim to please the consumer , not their pocket books . words cannot describe outstanding they are or how pleased I am . Highly recommended !
Authentic ( I guess . . . what do i know ? ) middle eastern food . Usually pretty crowded at lunch time tho .
Was here for my husbands birthday with family and friends . Best service from Jerred . Great food . . . great atmosphere ! ! ! Will be coming back again
I highly recommend this company . They are both professional and reliable . The movers are hard working and polite and know how to properly pack to prevent damage .
Everything we ordered was delicious ! Petra , the owner is a gem !
Had a great steak dinner - got the ribeye - totally worth it . Sides are huge and meant to be shared between at least two people . Good service .
The best prime rib I ' ve ever had . Outstanding craft beer selection . Would definitely go back . Love this place
Don ' t let the place fool you on appearance , food was very good and prices are not high . Definitely worth checking out , and grabbing a bite . Very friendly service
Great dinner . We will be back ! 3 of us . one had lasagna and 2 had the vodka cream sauce . Tough choice . Both were outstanding We split a caesar salad that was also great .
What a great place to it ! I will be going here every chance I get ! Great scratch made food and great staff . You won ' t regret coming here
Service was very good and quick . Food was excellent , prepared perfectly . Great stop for lunch and a beverage . Would highly recommend to anyone in the area . Fries were amazing ! !
Love their Uji matcha milk tea with cheese foam on top ! I also like their creme brûlée milk tea . This place serves unique drinks , definitely recommend them .
Amazing greek food ; everything was fresh and delicious , service was prompt and friendly . The best place to enjoy a great summer dinner and drinks on their terrace .
Great pizza , excellent quality , good prices and always , always super friendly service ; by everyone . Owner is all about supporting the community , such a great quality ! !
The tacos are well worth the two hour drive ! I ' m literally writing this review because i need this place to stay open , So I can come back .
Great steak sandwiches . Make sure to get the side of olives to complete your sodium overload .
Cannot go wrong with this choice . The fish is very fresh and the rolls are exceptional . Try the yellowtail sushi , it ' s absolutely wonderful !
This is my favorite fast food . I ' m not sure if they consider themselves " fast food " but it ' s certainly not sit down . Honey tofu . Extra crispy . Large .
Went to service pro today and an awesome experience as always . If you need a car wash , oil change or minor repairs make sure you come see Ricky , Nick and the guys at service pro !
Call placed to business was answered promptly with service person arriving same day as advised . He discovered the connection issue promptly and repaired it very efficiently . I would use them again in a heartbeat ! ! !
The staff here are really friendly ! Best service I ' ve ever experience anywhere ! Big Thanks to Barry in parts for helping me with all my questions and orders !
Mike was very helpful with choosing food items . The quality and attention to detail started at the door and continued with every bite of their delicious food and locally roasted coffee .
Great food ! Great sports atmosphere . This is exactly what DC Ranch has been needing . Very welcome change of pace for the neighborhood .
The gyros here are sooooo good ! And the fries were soft and nice too . I enjoy it I go there pretty often just for the gyros and ice cream
Those Wild Boar sliders were sliding down quite well . A + service and the food was tasty .
hidden gem . really good omelets . fast on service and few tables . will come back again .
Brittany made our experience unforgettable . We had crispy cauliflower and the pork chop special . The meat was cooked to perfection . Drinks were phenomenal . We will definitely be back !
Great Value ! The staff was very professional . The ambience was so relaxing and serene . I would definitely recommend this location to anyone .
Great food and atmosphere here . Very relaxed reminds me of good old Hawaii lol . Neways food is on point and so is the service !
Love this place for late night eats . Always good . Baklava is awesome . Good prices and deals . Staff is awesome .
Got a groupon for this place and really enjoyed our experience ! Fast cars and friendly staff ! Will definitely be back !
Love this place . Staff is very professional and kind . And they do a very thorough job . For the past 3 years I have gone to pretty kitty but they blow them out of the water .
Absolutely love this place ! Sushi is delicious and they have a fantastic happy hour ! ! ! I highly recommend ! !
Amazing pulled pork sandwiches and a wide variety of sauces to use ! One of the biggest pulled pork poutines I ' ve seen . . . definitely a hidden gem in Georgetown .
Customer service is awesome everything is organized always have a smile on their face and always have the alkaline water on deck .
This place is great . That have an eclectic drink menu and food menu . It ' s your friendly neighborhood hippie cafe . I love it . The servers there are always awesome .
The food is excellent ! I had the lasagna , which was hearty and flavorful . My mother had the tortellini , so delicious and rich . Excellent service ! The server was very knowledgeable about the menu .
Super great sushi ! I come from Washington and the food comes out fast and the price is awesome for what you get here ! ! !
Delicious ! Some of the best wings I ' ve had out here . Cheap prices and friendly service and fast delivery .
Best food in the west side of vegad French onion soup garlic bread Cezar salad and house wine Awsome Great food fast and affordable
I love the healthy breads here . The employees are nice . Their website has a lot of good details .
Prob my new fav lunch spot for working in SS . Awesome unique door for great prices ! The chicken sandwich , filet tips , and burger are all really good ! Def worth a visit
Flat out point blank bottom line period the food is bomb quit playing & go grab you a plate of something
Very informative and helpful with our first bearded dragon ! We feel prepared and our little friend seems super happy in his new home . Thank you guys !
Clean , quiet , decent , free breakfast and not overly priced
Very good tasting food . I ordered the double char burger and have to say it was better than in n out !
Excellent experience ! My girlfriend and I were very nervous , but the check in lady and Colton did a great job putting us at ease . Fun experience and close to the strip !
We stayed around the corner from St Viateur in Montreal and I couldn ' t get enough of these bagels ! The best !
Absolutely amazing , food is fresh and made right . My family has been going to Mattas for 50 years .
Food was amazing ! They are very considerate to allergies . Despite the giant burgers there were no leftovers !
deluca ' s is the best restaurant in pittsburgh other than Quaker steak .
A great place to view great Southern Nevada history . The museum is clean and a cool place to get out of the heat in the Vegas summer .
Protein shakes here are a staple . Seriously , if you drive by this place and don ' t buy a post workout or stack shake , you ' re making a mistake . Stop reading start driving .
Delicious food , amazing service , and beautiful atmosphere . Enjoyed a steak that was cooked perfectly , the augratin potatoes were so yummy , the house salad was fresh .
We ordered thai iced tea to go and it was one of the best places . We have to go back and try food next time !
Really good food ! I eat Arabic food all the time and this food was fresh and delicious . Great service .
Food is so delicious and healthy just the way I like it ! You pick the salad and the protein that you want on it . Price is a little steep but worth the healthy meal .
If you like Creole food you ' ll be very happy here . Their shrimp Creole and etouffee are delicious . They also make the BEST jambalaya I have ever tasted .
Food was excellent everything we had a lot of different stuff was all good well size portions prices slightly higher but you get what you pay for excellent food coming from a New Yorker
Checked this place out from Yelp and ran over here for the sweet goodness . . . The waffles were amazing and topping superb .
nice place , share tea is one of my favorite place for boba . . . . . I usual just order the oolong tea with creama . Super Delicious and fresh !
My husband and I have been coming to this practice for years ! Dr . Nack is wonderful and he and his staff always make the visit comfortable .
LOVED it . So much fun , I will definitely be coming back . Does not feel short , the experience lasts a long time .
By far the best gelato I ' ve ever had ( though I haven ' t been to Italy yet ) .
Really great Thai food . I always just get the tofu pad Thai and coconut juice . Really delicious .
Big WAW the grilled octopus , Greek Salad , Tarama and the cattle dish with spinach really un comparable must try
Cobb salad was awesome . Kelly was a sweetheart ! Would come back for sure .
The best comfort food ! The Mac n Cheese is amazing , the lunch bbq chicken is my favorite on the menu , I love that my money is going towards helping the homeless .
Authentic and delicious ! I ' ve only tried one thing on the menu and haven ' t veered since it is that amazing ! Don ' t forget baklava ; the cashew one is my favorite .
Great communication . All my questions were answered . He was right on time and the carpet looks like new . Thanks Jacob !
Totally awesome show . My 10 yrs old daughter loved it . Must see for families .
Luis the manager here is the pinnacle of customer service . Champagne for the men as the women shopped for shoes . This store and the staff are all class .
Amazing flavor , great music , friendly staff ! 1 - 10 spice level : level 6 accumulated heat at a tolerable range . Large entree and green tea , quite affordable at less than $ 15 !
Yummy ! My favorite is the presses TCB . You can ' t lose there ! Fast and correct ! Thanks guys !
Solid coffee program . Friendly staff . Small but thoughtful selection of food was simple and very flavorful .
ADORE this salon , will never go elsewhere . Friendliest and talented staff make you feel so comfortable and relaxed . Coming here is such a treat and you will not find better personality in a salon ! !
Killer setting . Killer food . Killer low - key sitar soundtrack . Get it , copper . Get it .
Absolutely the best place to go in your Chest day ! ! ! Good farm fresh food . And lots of it ! ! !
Love love love the drink list here ! Such a perfect atmosphere for a girls night out ! I adore this bar . . you can order anything here , and I promise nothing could go wrong !
There ' s not a better sandwich shop around , I don ' t work around here and still find myself traveling 30 minutes from north Phoenix to eat here for lunch .
Easy to find off the highway . There are plenty of restaurants to get a good dinner , within walking distance . Most importantly , CLEAN . GOOD PRICE . COMFORTABLE . Breakfast is included : - )
My favorite place to eat and drink . Been there a few time and never had a bad experience bar tenders and waiters are very friendly . and the drinks are amazing !
One of the hippest coffee spots around . . . . Old Scottsdale . I ' m ready for my iced latte . The coffee is always ready with a smile !
I had brooke , she was awesome . . . . She created a cocktail called the Central Park . . . U have to try it amazing : ) . Good was so good salmon . Cooked perfectly
Compared to other Macy ' s , this one is super fancy and has a great selection of clothing .
A great little spot for a quick cup or a cold lager . Friendly and trendy with a nice cozy feeling for a relaxing moment it ' s the best spot to take a break .
This is easily the best pizza in town . Have ordered multiple different items from this place and all were excellent ! Always delivery within a timely fashion
I love this place . The staff is friendly and the food is great . Small cozy atmosphere with decent choice of beers and wines . If you haven ' t tried it you need to .
I love this place and Latisha , our sever , was so sweet ! She made the dining experience really great . Delicious food and great atmosphere
Office staff is great . Quick to respond and very friendly . The MRI radiation tech is so friendly and kind . Highly recommend
Came in without reservation with 10 people and were seated in less than 15 min . The meals are HUGE . Fast and friendly service . Highly recommend !
CCW course instructors are extremely professional , knowledgable and friendly . Geza and Darius delivered an engaging and informative presentation of incredible value . Their commitment is unparalleled and appreciated . Highly recommended ! !
Best Indian buffet that I have been to in Arizona . The food was very fresh tasting , the nan was good , and the service was excellent . I ' ll definitely be returningtothis restauranr !
A great place for a great breakfast . I am so glad it is so close to where we live . Not fancy , but very good food and service .
Great lunch ! Food was very good ( crusted chicken Romano and a mushroom burger ) but waitress Chayle was great ! We will come back just to have her wait on us again !
Great meats , tasty and well marinated . Juicy and soft . Friend pineapple is a blast . Amazing !
Had a faux leather jacket tailored here to shorten the sleeves . Came out great just in time for when I needed it .
The Coeur D ' Alene is on point ! Obsessed with it . And don ' t forget your pickle ! Prices are decent . Delivery is fast . Highly recommend !
Curry is so bomb ! Loved the vegan options , and it ' s perfect for a quick meal coming in or out of Las Vegas . It will be my new spot for sure !
I received great service that was honest , fast , and at a good price . I will bring my car BMW back for any repairs that I may need .
The pizza is out of this world and the service is too . A huge thank you to Dillon for coming in clutch with the sauce recommendations
Great place to have lunch ! Beautiful atmosphere and loved the food . Service is great , friend and time appropriate . I will definitely be back to have the tuna tartar ! !
Super cute place for coffee or beer . Perfect for casual work meetings or working on your laptop . Check it out !
Delicious pupusas ! They truly taste authentic . I have only received wonderful service every time . I definitely think it ' s worth the wait for warm and made to order food .
You really can ' t hate on Krispy Kreme , best donuts ever ! ! They are open a little later than other donut shops around
Awesome park ! Huge covered shade areas with tables and 2 play structures , splash pad , dog area ! Loved it ! Cool swings too !
Our first time eating here and enjoyed the meals . The mint flavor drink is refreshing and delicious .
Another wonderful job done ! Just love this salon just amazing . A week later and my nails are still looking beautiful ! !
My favorite Zipps in Phoenix , it is such a cool place to eat at and the service here is great . And I love all of the different sporting events on the TV ' s here .
McKenzi is an awesome photographer ! She is totally professional , efficient and transparent to the event . I highly recommend her for any and all of your photographic needs .
Monica did a comfortable pedicure . put me to sleep . the atmosphere was very professional . she made me confortable . nice location in the heart of goodyear AZ
Awesome food awesome service . Always fresh cooked . I recommend the Peanut Chicken Curry
These waffles are toooo good . Anything you have here will rock your world .
50 min wait on day 3 of opening . Worth it ! Chicken sandwich and butter cookie shake was over the top great !
Best pedicure for the price hands down ! ! ! Awesome Yelp recommendation ! ! ! ! I can ' t speak highly enough of Cindy ! She did an amazing job on my feet ! !
Best pho ever . I eat here 2 or 3 times a month if not more . Fresh ingredients , hot broth , friendly staff and great prices every time .
The staff is very nice and friendly and the sushi is delicious . They have very well proportioned sizes and are very good at making delicious suggestions and making interesting things to try .
Papa johns is my go - to place for pizza delivery ! This location in particular has always gotten my pizza to me on time and the delivery guys have always been very friendly .
Great quality food and fun atmosphere . I had the avocado hummus and the quinoa salad - both were delicious . Great job Fox restaurants on another amazing restaurant .
Food and service was great certainly a nice place Waiter was on point need to try the chicken tacos And decaf is coffee rite on guys
Half price bottle of wine Tuesday ! Absolutely wonderful service and dinner . Great location and friendly staff . Just as good as Times Square Deer Valley ! Glad I came in !
Stopped in the bar had a few cold ones . The Ladies working where great I feel much better about stoping in here .
I love this place . Nory does a pretty good job . I recommend this place to all my friends
I love this place . I am here every Monday morning for a networking meeting and the service is amazing and great food !
Few cigar lounges are nice like this . The selection and prices are great . The decor is 5 stars . The music is perfect . It ' s of the strip but worth the trip .
Broth is amazing . . . we ' ve had our share of ramen in Houston and can honestly say Sansotei beats them all , hands down . Highly recommend the Tonkatsu Black and Spicy Tan Tan .
Great food and even better service ! Hope they open some up in MA or RI . The fish tacos and guacamole were incredible !
Great atmosphere . Nice patio upstairs . Great selection of beers and knowledgeable and friendly staff . Two thumbs up !
Great positive experience every time , does exceptional job every time very hard to find great dentist such as Dr . Milutin and his exceptional practice . . .
Wow love the remodel inside the theaters ! ! The reserved seating is so luxurious and comfortable ! ! ! So glad our neighborhood movie theatre is so nice ! !
Best lunch deal in Charlotte and a nice spot to go with friends or a date for dinner too . Highly recommend . Great sushi at reasonable prices .
Great stuff ! Wonderful people . Fair prices . Well organized and clean . Lots of goodies to go through !
Great restaurant , food was great and authentic . . i definitely was very surprised and happy .
Our favorite spot to eat ! The lunch specials are awesome and the Momo box is my favorite . Servers are super nice too ! We ' ve been coming here for years now .
Love this place . Great drinks and amazing oxtail fried rice . Very knowledgeable about different spirits .
Great dealership . I have bought dozens of cars in my life and this was a truly great experience . Mitch is an amazingly good and thoughtful salesman .
Easy in and out , well staffed TSA Pre line , and it gets the 5th star because of the Great Lakes brewery restaurant
Impressions from my first visit : Great food and prices . Very friendly staff . Casual , clean , inviting atmosphere . Family friendly . We will be back !
great family owned . love the milkshakes . lemon with a scoop of grape . livermush is also fire ! a quick sit down .
Excellent affordable vegetarian option ! Easy and quick lunch on campus .
Quick service , knowledgeable staff . Front desk is both friendly and engaging . No problems at all .
Real frendly and relaxed atmosphere . Great little shop off the beaten path . lots of fresh healthy choices with some awsem sweets if your in the mood .
The BEST grilled chicken salad I ' ve ever had ! ! ! Asked the waitress to make the grilled chicken sandwich with peppers , onions and cheese and put atop the Garden salad . Was AWESOME !
When they say they are fast they really are I can walk in and walk out with in 3 min and they have good subs and the workers are always in a good mood and very nice
Loved it ! ! Already made my appointment to come back . Everyone was very friendly . The amenities were great . They provide an environment of pure relaxation . Best place for a massage .
I like my bbq and I like it naked . Whatever dry rub these guys use is awesome . I stopped in to grab a quick bite before class and was not disappointed at all .
Great new place . I had the 12 : 10 to Marrakech sandwich . Beautifully prepared and balanced flavours .
Made getting a haircut quite an entertaining and enjoyable experience . I highly recommend . For some reason most barber shops are closed on Mondays but these guys are open .
Friendly , affordable , and dependable . They know me by first name which is rare in this town . Pricing is fair . Check them out !
Ate here with our kids and everyone really enjoyed what they ordered . The yogurt appetizer with cucumber was excellent and we used the sauce on our kabobs .
Great pie ! They know how to make pizza here . Crust , sauce and cheese are all done right .
Lola burger and honey badger . Best burger ever , and best combo if you ' re a fan of whiskey ginger . This is a lovely artsy spot and must - go - to in Phoenix .
Have dinner at the bar and just relax while drinking a Buddha hand and enjoying a Duck salad . The space is well appointed and the design is outstanding .
still the best in AZ ! Tried an old spot that used to be good last week , definitely made me love this place even more . . Phoenix Palace , you are the KING !
My favorite cocktail bar in town . From the atmosphere to the music to the drinks this place is just great . Recommend as a date spot or just a place to unwind .
BEST Post office in the country ! Efficient , friendly , knowledgeable and consumer accessible !
The best place , I like this men he know what he is doing and the price is perfect . I advise to everybody !
Excellent food and quick service ! Rolls are prepared with care and fish is very fresh . They have a good selection of rolls , and the AYCE is cheap and generous in terms of menu options .
Benny P . in the service dept is very good - - doesn ' t try to upsell on unneeded services for my Elantra . So far all my experiences have been positive here .
Authentic food . Didn ' t believe at first when it had so many good reviews . Chicken Shawarma is my favorite .
00 Gelato is like a little stick of delicious dynamite . Small location with incredible gelato . Wonderful staff !
He did a great tinting my windows - very professional and the windows turned out great .
Great food , very friendly staff . Loved the Greek fries . Will definitely come back to try the homemade baklava
Here for a conference fron Texas . Found this place here on yelp and it is very good ! !
Favorite place to get authentic Chinese food . Recommend the tofu , the tendon , and the fried pork chop .
Stumbled into this great cafe after hitting the gym . Super friendly service , comfortable seating , and knowledgeable about coffee .
Very nice selection of gourmet coffee . For the coffee snobs . No garbage syrups added here . Educate yourself on coffee , then give this place a review . Highly recommended !
Best sushi in town , awesome service and delicious deserts , i recommend you to try the touchdown , and the baked lobster it is to die for .
Great little place to go for a brew and some food ( they have Bass beer on tap ! ) . Always a goto place when I ' m in the area
My favorite restaurant in Las Vegas outside of the Strip . Love their Octopus , and the selections of wine . Great atmosphere and occasion live music . I ' ve hosted many dinner parties at this location .
They take care of you and are sooo nice ! I ' ve been going here for 10 years , they remember you and are super quick !
Best Greek food everrrrrrrrrrrr Chicken pita is da best Eva Fries = ok Nice service
Good food . Great service . Warm atmosphere . Awesome concept . Two thumbs up . Will be back !
Very professional and nice group of workers . Highly recommend this Discount Tire location .
Food is tasty and super affordable especially weekdays . Had the 2 egg combo with strawberry banana pancakes and the serving was more than sufficient . Definitely recommend !
The korean fried chicken was out of this world and the servers are over the top accommodating and friendly . Definitey recommend . Great pricing too !
Went for brunch , amazing food , great drinks , reasonable prices , loved the outdoor seating . . . perfect meal !
You have to try the same juice and the angel hair pasta ! So good ! Best local lounge to hang out at .
Best BBQ on Earth . Not just saying that , I ' ve had BBQ all over the world and this is still hands down the best .
The wet burrito sauce is surprising spicy , but very good . My husband had the street tacos and said the Carne Asada was the best !
Great coffee and scones . I also use their app Crema to order the latte in advance to avoid lineup during rush hour
Best burritos EVER ! The way they make their tortillas fresh is incomparable . The queso can be a little thick , but it ' s still great . Better than chipotle by far .
Very fresh , clean and quick . I recommend the medium sized wraps loaded with all the different salads and spicy carrots for a kick . Also their falafel is excellent for vegetarians !
Fish tacos are consistently delicious ! I get them every time ( or convince my husband to , so I can have a bite ) . Still love this place !
Great burgers . Really nice atmosphere . We all really liked the food . Drinks were great . The watermelon mojo to was so good
The best and healthy food . Service is very fast , it is crowded at lunchtime . They have seating in and outside of the restaurant , it is a little pricey though .
Did a great on our much needed car . Luis was polite and professional , took his time , didn ' t rush at all .
Finally made it to Becketts Table in Phoenix . . . . awesome , best ossobuco ever and amazing sheppards pie . Try the grilled cheese appetizer too . Great job Justin !
Just recently had a holiday party at gameworks and it was great ! Thank you Ron Arenas for making this happen ! The kids and the adults all had a good time there !
Great customer service . Had a great haircut by Lisa will recommend to everybody . Personal maintenance for men .
They serve food until last call ! Sidebar rules , thank you Sidebar . I called and they were very nice and took time to answer my questions . Great for Date night or meeting some close friends .
Who doesn ' t LOVE Trader Joes ? The people who work there are always so helpful and kind . Their prices are not as expensive ad Whole Foods and the quality is better than a regular supermarket .
Super authentic Taiwanese restaurant in Phoenix ! Loved all the sticky tofu dishes .
Just opened . Outdoor seating is Awesome here . Food is pretty good . Close at 10 on Friday nights though . Crush they were open later .
Great service and exceptional work ! Our tile and grout looks brand new ! A + + Thank you ! !
Took the Bootcamp class with Shannon Wilson and had a blast ! ! ! Amazing class , place is clean and I was treated like family and welcomed ! I recommend this place 100 % ! ! !
Food was great . Very good and authentic . The people were very nice . And the mango smoothie was delicious .
There is a reason this place is always busy . Great beer and the Italian beer bread sandwich is awesome ! ( without mayo ) I ' ve always had good service here too .
It was a bruch for us ! Excelent coffe and excellent food . We ' re sitting near to the bar and enjoyed the game of World Cup FIFA 3018 .
Service here was fast and efficient , food was fresh as always . There are several of these throughout the Vegas area and they ' re always good for a fast fresh meal .
First time here , and what a great experience ! lobster , oysters , king crab , oh my ! Mohammed took great care of us ! We ' ll be back
Had a great meal even though we had really rude people next to us . Great drinks as well had a $ 5 margarita and the bbq chicken pizza .
Love their chips and salsa ' s , sangria swirl margaritas are delicious too ! Great happy hour and service !
I love this place ! Their staff is always so willing and helpful . They have an amazing selection of flowers , plants , vases etc .
Used them to clean my house when I moved out . They did a great job , was on time for their appointment , reasonable price and made my house shine , would highly recommend them .
Couldn ' t have asked for better food . For it being a nice steakhouse , the prices weren ' t too up there . Definitely worth every penny !
My fave new neighborhood bar ! Great ladies behind the bar , a diverse crowd , and a great bar menu . Try the chicken paprikas soup . It ' s amazing .
Love it ! Delicious desserts and friendly service every time . What more could you ask for ?
The food is good and the owners are amazing . Try the cookie centered brownie , it will make any bad day good
We will definitely come back . We tried the Pork Belly , chicken thighs , Paitan Ramen and baked mussels . Very affordable appetizers range from $ 2 to $ 10 . Loved it
Best pizza I ' ve had in a looong time . Reminds me of the pizza I had in Italy . I ' ve been craving it every day since . Delicious !
Friendly folks , very good and authentic food . Go there they are awesome .
We just got the couples massage and it was amazing ! ! ! Perfect pressure ! ! ! The girls were just AMAZING ! Definitely we are coming back .
Loved the bread , filet , tuna , and mushrooms ! Happy atmosphere .
Great value for great bbq ! Worth the drive from Toronto just forgot to use the check in ! That would have been a bargain ! Maybe they ' ll open a location in Etobicoke !
Great food ! Awesome service ! The big wet one is amazing . Would recommend to anyone who likes burritos .
Always have a great dinner when we stop in after work ! Ask for Dani ( amazing service ! )
Best froyo ever ! Always feel welcome . Great taste ! Id recommend this place to anyone . Haven ' t found better tasting froyo anywhere . Salted Carmel is my favorite !
This was delicious . The prices are reasonable . The service is excellent . This is my favorite Thai spot in Chandler so far .
Been here a few times . Big taro boba tea fan . Service is always good . Very convenient spot for a boba shop .
Very happy with Christine . She always takes great care . Like the complimentary water - great for AZ ! Toes look fab !
Staff is amazing ! They use only the best product and my blow out lasts a week ! ! Love this place !
Best barbershop and the best barber period ( Ian ) . Been waiting a long time in the east valley for a place of this quality !
Excellent people , excellent timing and excellent care ! My son and I went in and out in a matter of an hour tops . Everyone who left there seemed to be very grateful as well .
love love love ! ! ! great customer service , beautiful flower arrangements . I have been lucky enough to have them do my wedding , baby shower and baptism . not one single complain !
I love their salad , bread is so good . I enjoyed lunch with my friend .
This club is absolutely amazing . The girls are all super hot and definitely worth going and taking a look . Prices are decent but worth the experience . Best deal to buy a bottle .
Bomb snacks ! ! ! Very good customer service ! ! A great hang out spot ! ! ! VEGAS YOUTHQUAKE in the house ! !
Scott has been my jeweler now for over a decade . Great customer service , great advise and the entire staff is a delight ! !
OMG if you are in scottsdale and love good coffee , got to try this place ! ! The cappuccino was amazing ! ! The gingerbread cake was fresh and tasty !
Such a great show . They gave free Jell - O shots . It was very funny and sexy . Definitely a must watch .
Service was great , very clean nice environment . Salads , feta fries , stuffed cabbage and Kafta to die for . I will be doubling up on my next order of cabbage rolls ! ! !
Very good restaurant . Our forth time there and it ' s always perfect . Nice environment and great service
Great draft beer selection that changes from time to time . The ambiance is welcoming with a great patio . The food is really good , but the selection is limited . We will be back !
The food is great ! Very yummy . The staff are all nice . They give you good size servings , very filling .
Yum yum . Kind of like a hybrid between in n out and Baskin - Robbins . The burgers were delicious and the ice cream was really good . Win - win
Joey was amazing ! I was sat within two minutes for a fill . He was very sweet and professional . The whole environment was very comfortable , I will definitely be back .
Best BBQ place in town , the staff were so friendly and making sure that we like what we already ordered . Nice place !
I am a regular at Olivier ' s place for a reason . The most personable guy in the business . Great healthy and creative options .
I have tried almost everything on the menu and it is all delicious ! The place is beautiful ! I am hoping to meet the interior designer !
Great experience . I received information I needed to get better with my shoulder injury . Great staff and I appreciate everyone ' s help . They really care about you as a patient .
My favorite sushi place , specially on happy hour . Try the jelapenio bombs off sushi hour and the jelapeno pops on sushi hour . Eat on the lake too ! ! !
Matta ' s is our favorite Mexican style restaurant . The service is great and the food is so delicious .
Great place for good food and a relaxing environment . Staff is excellent and very friendly
These guys were awesome . They showed up on time and did a thorough job . Very impressed with their skills - I didnt know my place could be that clean !
Can ' t beat their in - house dry aged Angus meat . Great wine list , classic sides . Love the roasted garlic and the good service , great meal guaranteed !
Great prices on b12 shot . Great friendly staff ! ! Will defiantly be going every time i visit Las Vegas ! ! !
Came in for Father ' s Day breakfast , service was great . Our server Karen was great , very quick and efficient . Food was great as well !
Great service and great food real sweet tea We had meatloaf . It had a mustard sauce it was wonderful . Highly recommend the restaurant . Great cause and incredible food
Outstanding customer service . We had a minor issue with our order but the waitress and manager handled it extremely well . We have not experienced service this good in years .
Wife and I were staying at Grandview and came here for the happy hour . Staff was great and the sushi rolls were great .
Everything that we have had from here has been amazing . The pear cranberry pie is yummy ! !
They could retire on their Greek Salad Dressing trade secrets . Nice chunks of Feta and Olives to die for . Friendly people from the Middle East always smiling .
Great quality fish . I have been here about 10x and have always had a good experience .
This is one of my favorite chinese restaurants in Pittsburgh . Food is always good and staff very friendly .
I want to spend at least one night a month drinking and watching great bands in this theatre . Great venue . Cheap drinks . Cool crowd .
Brian was phenomenal ! Walked in told him what I needed and they payment I needed and they made it work ! Super nice guy would definitely recommend him to everyone !
Barbara is amazing ! Besides the mechanics of the massage I could feel her positive energy offering healing to my aches during our session . I highly recommend Body Restoration Massage to everyone .
Best margarita ever ! We are here for lunch . My husband had the swordfish and I had the pork tenderloin sandwich , both were excellent ! Staff is very nice and helpful . Will definitely be back !
We always go to work out everyday with my husband and this gym is so nice ! It is the first gym that I went to and I ' m hapoy this place is judgement free gym .
Cinnamon bun pancakes . Delicious ! ! I was going to order the Banana Creme , however I think that I made a great choice . I ' ll come back again just for the pancakes .
We called Leonard around 9pm very accommodating especially late at night they had a tech over the next day . Great service
Everything was great ! I received the wrong order they quickly fixed it after I told them Love the mango lemonade
Just tried this spot on a whim . Pleasantly surprised . Had the spicy shoyu poke bowl with an Invigorate Juice . So good ! Excellent quick lunch ! I ' ll be back !
My adventurous palate was just happy happy happy at this place . Love the ambiance , cocktails , staff , location . . . . Can ' t wait to go again . . . .
This is one of my favorite places to eat . Little pricey , but the food is really good . I really enjoyed the watermelon contest they did on memorial day weekend . Very fun and creative .
Love this place . Came here 4 years ago and the male masseuse are fab - u - los . I ' d come back again and again .
Excellent service with friendly staff . Very reasonable prices and they have drinks and snacks in the lobby while you wait . I recommend this place to all of my friends !
Wow this Applebee ' s was spectacular ! The manager Matt was on the mark with presentation and quality of food . Well done and thanks again Matt
Awesome Awesome Awesome ! The very best customer service ever . All other service based companies can take a lesson in customer service from this company !
This restaurant is amazing ! Great service , nice deco and everything tasted wonderful ! Best Chinese food I have had in the Phoenix area !
So glad I took the short detour away from boring interstate restaurants . Delicious food , friendly staff , knowledgable bartender , prompt service and - did I mention - super delicious food !
Got to eat here today and I just say I loved it . Everything was perfect . The chicken fajitas are too die for . Service was excellent . Will be coming back for sure .
Great customer service . . i ALWAYS get the seabass . Its ALWAYS excellent . I cant get enough of this place . Excellent wine selection as well . . .
Really yummy pizza ! The service was really friendly too . They helped my cousin and I find good clubs to go to and even gave us a site to sign ourselves up for free guest lists .
A must if you ' re in Scottsdale . It ' s the ultimate sweet - tooth killer . Their Reuben is also really , REALLY good .
Excellent food and service . Had some good IPAs , the calamari ( good for two ) , the G salad and the filet mignon . Would definitely come back
I love this place . The food is great and the margaritas are even better .
Oh my . . . the margaritas here are amazing ! The service was great , food was great , and drinks were top notch . Thumbs up .
Went to eat here for the first time it was clean and food was very good . . We had the buffet and it was very reasonably priced . We will be returning soon .
What can I say ? I loved my four years ! Woohoo Sun Devils ! Rock on !
I love this place it ' s around the corner from where I live and its sooo good ! ! Fast and friendly service will be back next week : )
Best bank in town . Branches all over , staff are friendly and courteous . Highly recommend their services especially for business accounts .
Fresh and Made - to - Order cafeteria - style breakfast and lunch fare at surprisingly low prices . The food is high quality with fresh ingredients yet quick , and genuinely friendly service .
Jeramy knows how to treat my liver right ! The guy is one of the best bartenders to ever play the game . Saltys made a great decision !
Bon café , décor chaleureux et personnel sympathique . Les produits sont faits maison , plusieurs aliments bio et vegan friendly !
Very good food and they deliver we get there cane asada so tender and juicy we order onc3 a week
Best place in town to get a good drink . If you love boba , jelly or tea , this is the place . Try the # 9 , it ' s the best one in their menu .
What a treat this place is . The food is incredible and the staff is awesome . The dirty chips is great appetizer . The Pho and Bangkok burrito are my favorites .
great greek food place and awesome service . only weird thing is the area of town , other than that , the homemade bread is amazing ! ! !
Brought my SUV here to get it detailed . They did a very good job . My car was really dirty and had a lot of dog hair all over it . Looks so much better now !
Perfect find for a Saturday breakfast . My chicken sweet potato hash was scrumptious . Nice owners , great location . It ' s a winner , hope more like it come to downtown Mesa .
Delicious and just what I needed when fighting a cold . Tasted like they melted down a whole cow in the best way possible .
My favorite crepes in town . You should try their drinks too . The creme Brule crepe is the best !
Smallish salon with lots of personal attention . I like that they use high quality products . My pedicures last until it ' s time to have it redone .
Great sushi . . . cold beer . . . Great service . Don ' t let the outside fool you . . . give the place a try !
Homey , welcoming , and good customer service . Not too far from downtown . The food was cooked to perfection . Beer was served perfectly chilled .
I like the st louis style ribs . The BBQ sauces are great ,
Excellent restaurant ! Enjoy ourselves ! Next time visit Toronto I think it ' s the first place I should visit
Went for Sunday brunch . Bottomless mimosas and a great buffet and entree plate selection . Beautiful hotel and great atmosphere . Will be back
Never had a bad experience here . Wait staff is excellent . Food quality and quantity it perfect . Even on their busy days they seem to be on their top game plan . Great prices as well .
I recommend this to everyone I see . The tacos are amazing the margaritas are delicious .
Best place to get my dogs haircut at he ' s a Pomeranian so I ' m very particular on his hair !
The best classic French restaurant in Montreal . Classy waiters , amazingly authentic cuisine , warm and cozy ambiance , a perfect experience !
Friendly service . Had an appt but was running late about 15 min for my bloodwork . Thought I would have to be there for a long time but was out in 20 minutes .
Great hair cuts ! Never had hair compliments until I went here . Nice people , gorgeous studio , good value .
Very helpfully and friendly . Even offered to help me carry my packages from the car into the store . Taped up my boxes and made a copy of a label for me for free .
Just walked in and Tammy accommodated me . She was so nice and helped me pick out something according to my budget for my hubby . I can ' t wait to see what she comes up with !
First show in Vegas for me ! ! ! I loved it . We had seats up front and had an amazing view of the performance . The performers really did an amazing job and kept us mesmerized .
Just received a delivery order of 2 gyro plates . Couldn ' t ask for anything better especially since I live on Far East side of ic ! 2 thumbs up .
Some of the best sashimi I ' ve ever had . Awesome service and friendly staff . The atmosphere in this establishment is great . Would recommend this place to everyone . Definitely a must try .
Best DimSum bar none ! Seems all the negative comments are from Scottsdale snobs and whiney little spoiled people .
Absolutely the best dentist in town . Dr Puhek and his staff will be my dentist for ever ! If you have found this review trust me he is the best you wont be sorry !
Great dumplings , friendly staff , and good prices . The dumplings and noodles are handmade .
Me and my husband go here all the time ! We absolutely love this place ! Never tried something we didn ' t like ! Also have the best biscuits and gravy I ' ve ever had ! !
Our favorite Mexican Restaurant in Charlotte . Eat here once or twice a month , definitely recommended . Authentic Mexican food , and very delicious !
This is such a family friendly place just got here and the staff is so welcoming definitely will be coming back
everything is so fresh ! the bean paste is so delish , all the meat / soy are grilled on each order
Definitely fast and the quality is good . We had bowls with lamb meatballs and naan bread . Staff was very friendly and quality decor and menu made it look like a much more expensive chain .
I love this place . i love the sauce table and we get individual pot . except meat is not fresh . . and little expensive for that .
YOU WILL NOT FIND BETTER ICE CREAM SO STOP LOOKING . . . . . also if you order a shake don ' t get a lid or you ' re cheating yourself out of ice cream .
Amazing service ! The best Belgian waffles ! The fancy pants scramble was delicious and also chicken on the coup ! Will be back !
Absolutely loved this place ! ! Got some awesome baby clothes with tags at a very resonable price ! Will def go back
this place is amazing . . . very clean , friendly , prompt , excellent service and superior food ! ! ! i highly recommend it . . .
Awesome dining experience . Atmosphere , ambiance , quality of food . A little pricey but well worth it .
My favorite brunch in Pittsburgh ! $ 7 for a carafe of Mimosas ( so good ) ! Also the breakfast burrito is phenomenal !
Still my go to place for excellent Thai food . The waitress was superb . I couldn ' t be more pleased . The red curry , so tasty . I ' ll be back very soon .
Fast , tasty , reasonable price . Good size portions , beer and mixed drinks . Nice stop
We frequent this place at least once a week . Love the SS roll . The service is always great .
This place is amazing ! Great people , great prices and the service was fast ! This is my new primary dental location for sure ! ! !
The best ! Great experience and we love our new pool ! Helped us figure out exactly what we wanted and much better pricing than any of the chain pool builders .
Great bar . Great staff . I continue to go here because of that . The definition of a neighborhood bar .
better than any club where people are trying to look good . you ' ll be missed .
The Burger was great , staff friendly and efficient , definitely recommend this place as a much check out , you will be back
Best sushi I ' ve ever had . . . I have to tell ' RA ' " I think we should see other people " We ordered 4 different dishes and all four were amazing .
Fantastic eye doctor and staff ! Everyone was attentive and wonderful and I feel like I get top notch care and service at each visit ! I highly recommend !
Amazingly great . Best cabbage rolls and pierogis ! ! ! Great service ! Will definitely come back . These are true authentic pierogis ! ! ! !
Master Nick and his team are awesome . Very positive and helpful environment . They take the sport seriously but have fun doing it . Definitely the best !
Delicious food , craft brews on tap and good vibes . They support local too so you know you ' re giving back while filling up .
Great lounge ! Plush leather furniture , great atmosphere . Good hookah , fast service . Staff was responsive . Will go there again .
Very funny and you will actually walk away wiser to the ways of your girlfriend or wife and vice versa .
Loved the pork rib tips , the New Yorker and the peach ale . Second time visited and was not disappointed with food or service ! Highly recommend !
I come here for the art gallery & I love it . It ' s free and open to the public throughout the day . They change the exhibit every season .
Great place for food and drink . Large portions . Good variety . Outside patio seating provides ringside seatimg to the Strip . Lively . Our thanks to Katie for her efficient , kind service .
We found J Wood to be professional and prompt . They advised , answered our many questions and were quite efficient . We would definitely use them again !
This is my favorite breakfast place to eat ! The people are so polite . Roslin is a great waitress , super friendly and talkative . Love it here !
Absolutely amazing Thai food . I don ' t normally like Thai food , but this was awesome !
Dr . Loo is a kind man , who honestly cares about what your ailments are , and making them better .
Authentic , delicious , friendly staff , clean . Great street tacos . You NEED To stop here ! !
Cute shop and logo with yummy milk tea . here . You must to try and there have friendly service .
My favorite place to get alcohol because I never find things cheaper anywhere else . They also have everything you could ever want .
Favorite spot boyfriend and I love going to . Popcorn lobster roll is amaze . Reasonable price and you get a ton off the menu .
This restaurant just really gets it ! Everything from the specialty cocktails to the sushi rolls and entrees are done with bold fresh flavors . The Atmosphere and staff are impeccable .
Very good restaurant , they have a fixed price menu with 3 courses for only $ 38 canadians . The food is fresh , service is great . They have a terrace at the back . Awesome experience !
Love the food here . Pleasant wait staff . Only down side is how busy it gets on weekends , but it ' s worth the wait . Try the avocado toast , it is amazing !
This place is our favorite for a family meal . Kid friendly and the staff is wonderful . the food its always flavorful and consistent .
Oh my goodness . . . The bar has been raised in Mesa Arizona . . . Recliner seating . . . Wow simply awesome . We will certainly make this our movie theater of choice in Mesa !
Favorite ice cream in Akron area . Graham Central Station milkshakes are delicious . Monday ' s are discount night - small cone / cup for 1 . 99 .
Fun place to hang out but I ' m never going to be a fan of there food honestly lol day menu or night menu .
Tinisha does a great job waxing . It ' s been awhile since I ' ve waxed as I remember it hurt a lot , but today ' s experience was painless .
Great atmosphere , very laid back , friendly service , excellent food with more than generous portions .
Best animal hospital ! ! Dr . Mych saved my dogs life . They are the best ! ! Reasonable prices and great hours ! !
Five star orthodontist ! ! ! The staff is always so nice and helpful . I love going there ! ! Everyone is always so professional # bestortho - Vince Briones
Great spot . I ' ve been here a few times to watch sports events . Food is A + and I liked their beer selection . Definitely recommended .
The best place for a coffee and croissant ! Super friendly staff , and amazing coffee ! I love this place ! ! !
Awesome Sushi ! Dragon G Roll is by far the best Sushi Roll I ' ve ever had ! Awesome service as well !
A simple sandwich at its best ! Definitely get it with a side of pickles , and add a fresh mixed soda if you ' re looking for a real throwback to childhood .
Free games , cheap drinks , friendly staff what more could you ask for ? ! This place is tyte .
Best atmosphere and cafeteria ! The facility is clean and staff is very friendly , making it easy to navigate .
Very pleasant experience . Good customer service , good food and very good price . . if ur in Vegas and in the mood for Korean bbq , check this place out .
Very good customer service . The croissants were delicious and the donuts were a reasonable price . Would go again : )
My can ' t miss place in Champaign - Urbana . Burnt ends and a bourbon flight are unbeatable .
Prompt courteous service . Professional workmanship . Thank you Dennis for taking care of fixing my truck . I highly recommend this business for any auto body needs .
This place has picked up since we first started coming here . Their boba is fresh , and amazing . Our favorite is their taro slush with boba . The fresh tarp topped on top is so good !
I used to eat at this place a lot when I lived closer . The build your own burritos are bomb ! You can pretty much have anything you want in it .
Fantastic experience . Went there for Christmas Holiday Party . Great atmosphere , service and delicious food . Will highly recommend to everyone .
Josh our tour leader was awesome sauce , Sisco explained things clearly and Mike has my name so he was great . Very fun and worth every penny !
Get the walk - in special Pan Pizza with double cheese . Delicious . Tastes very similar to Pizza Hut pan pizza , but half the price .
What an amazing place ! Hands down best acai bowl . The service is AMAZEBALLS ! ! ! Do yourself a favor and drop by to get a taste of real acai and the best customer service .
I have been coming to Backfit for over three years and have never had a bad experience . The doctor and staff are wonderful I would recommend to everyone . George Macias
Had the chicken yellow curry twice in the time span of 3 days . So delish and delivery was speedy ! Very affordable too and large portions !
Excellent and delicious must have All You Can Eat It ' s The Best . I highly recommend it . Let aside the good customer service the food is delicious
I always had a great service at the pediatrics office with Dr shah . Clean . Friendly and they accommodate my late appointments .
Best lasers out there and definitely the nicest staff . Wouldn ' t go anywhere else ! Ask for Ingrid
Found this place on yelp when I was stuck working at the World Market . Food was excellent . Everything was fresh . And I thoroughly enjoy the free cookie with my check - in
The best Chinese I ' ve had in phoenix ! Fast , fresh , and delicious ! Love the Wor Wonton !
Best Hawaiian food ! ! ! love getting their mixed plate because you can choose 2 different meat with rice and Mac salad . This place is the closest place to get my favorite comfort food .
I see Dominique . Dominique is great creating the style and cut you want . She listens , offers suggestions , and aims to please . Dominique is also friendly and upbeat . Can ' t go wrong .
Been at this location 3 times and had Robert as my server . He provides great service and recommendations . Would love to be seated as his tables every time I come here .
Great atmosphere and food . They Serve breakfast all day too . Pancakes are great ! Give this place a try .
I ' ve always had great service at this location . I spend the extra $ 10 for the convenience of registering right there . Well worth it not to see DMV or their website .
Excellent service , our waitress Sam was so nice and is definitely going to be a reason to come back ! Great cocktails and great vibes
Love love love the flamingo ! ! ! ! ! ! Love the high roller view ! We enjoy the pool its nice . We go as a family its very family friendly .
Great food ! Been coming her for years , I usually order a breakfast egg croissant and an ice latte with almond milk .
Good food . I had the enchiladas and they were great . Reasonable prices . Both indoor and outdoor seating . Good atmosphere and live music in the back .
I really like cheeseburgers and this place provides them on - demand . Have a consistently acceptable experience .
My favorite wing joint with about 34 different sauces to choose from . Fried shrooms and ranch dressing are great too . Live entertainment so it ' s pretty noisey .
I have SO much fun here ! ! ! ! The show is awesome ! ! ! And the drinks too ! ! ! ! They definitely know how to entertain crowd ! !
This place is amazing ! ! ! ! Great acai bowls , and wonderful customer service . Nice to come hang out and enjoy something heathy .
Amazing place for children on a hot summers day . The staff is wonderful and my son had so much fun . Really boosted his walking confidence due to the nicely padded floor and areas
Food is great and the ambiance is exceptional . Thank you Joey and Cristina for such an amazing dinning experience !
Have used metro for the past 6 months for routine oil changes as well as some repairs . The customer service is great . Very satisfied every visit .
Habib hemmed my wedding dress and I was very satisfied ! ! I was on a tight budget and He ' s very nice and fair on his prices . I recommend him
Unbelievably good ! Dan has done an amazing job with this place ! And Dave makes great cocktails ! Thank you for a great anniversary dinner !
This place is awesome . Everything I ' ve had there is delicious and today ' s vegan burritos were no exception . There are meat items too but a ton for vegetarians and vegans
Great food and excellent service . Everything on the menu looked great . Couldn ' t decide on one thing . Wait staff was courteous and attentive . Definitely would come back again .
A little piece of Mexico churerrias . Mango lokos , Chamoniadas , raspados , dulces and all other kinds of goodies . Love the smooties and chamoniadas . Plus a bunch of mexican chips and candy .
This place is amazing . Wonderful service . Highly recommend them . Have used them several times and I have always been very happy and very satisfied .
Absolutely love the burgers at 5 Guys ! It ' s definitely not the cheapest burger joint in town , but you get what you pay for . Fries here are great as well . . .
Came here with a friend and her business contact in Montreal . Both the food and the service were excellent ! ! ! Try the beef tartare , filet mignon , and the black cod .
Our favorite Indian restaurant ! ! ! ! Very consistent . . . every time we eat there , there are no surprises . Fresh ingredients , exceptional flavor . . .
Superb photography studio ! Their work is top notch , I highly recommend F - Sequence photography .
5 stars because my lamb shank fettuccine made me cry , so good ! Lovell restaurant and lovely staff . And generous with bread , came with home made herb butter . Tres bon !
o ya , they do really nice job and the food , ya buddy . Good pizza and service !
Very clean very fast service , lil small and only 2 seats outside to sit . Other then those two things it ' s an awesome place and the food is amazing !
This place is amazing very authentic great place to eat if you want great Latin food . The owner is very nice great friendly staff .
Amazing food , I had their salmon and Tuna and would highly recommend it ! Definitally try out their house gogo sauce too !
Amazing street tacos right up the street ! Can ' t believe it ' s been there so long and I never tried it !
Great place great family and quality work ! I have been coming here for years ! Very pretty colors and any gel color you could want . Brand new pedicure chairs and great pedicures !
Very good customer service . Have used them a few times with kids ipods and iphones . Replacing screens and batteries . Recommend them to my friends .
My daughters loved the decor and their taro milk tea . Service is super sweet and their smoothies and milk teas are amazing ! We will definitely be back !
My favorite Mediterranean food in Las Vegas ! Service was lovely and came very fast . We had the falafel sandwich and the garbanzo salad which was very yummy !
Fried spicy shrimp with head on , oh yes please ! ! I wish they were closer so I could eat there everyday . Never a disappointment , the spice is just right .
Best Jasmine Tea Latte with sea salt ! Mmmmm ! My new fave ! And their crepes are awesome ! Service is quick too ! Cute and clean place
Sean castle was great help ! ! Had a great experience . The prices are great and also the quality of the furniture
In my humble opinion , this is by far the best Middle Eastern restaurant I ever been to . If you go there , then you must try the chicken shewerma combination . Killer ! ! ! !
The pulled pork & brisket are awesome ! Great , tentative staff , delicious food & the bull riding on Friday is fun to watch ! We will go back !
What an amazing room ! The food was great , the service was spot - on . We were treated like celebrities !
Really great authentic Asian food . Lots of yummy choices and the ramen bowls were so delish ! Great service too ! We will definitely be back .
Wow . One of the best seafood meals that I have had . Salmon meal is a must . The Brussel Sprouts were superb . I eat out a lot and this place is not to be missed .
Great little shop . Here for work and needed a cut . Just as good as my shop in Charleston . Will be back again for sure !
Just finished up a great meal at Home Plate . Awesome service from Ashley . Great hire Glenn . Love this place . Great food , Great service .
Food is great & fresh ! Very quick service . Great prices . Lived in area for years but never been here . It ' s definitely a hidden gem .
Awesome food . Great service . Bodybuilder omelette and red velvet pancake is to die for !
Ive been going here since they opened and never once had a bad experience . The family who owns it is wonderful and the smoothies are great .
Amazing food and even more amazing staff . I had Ethiopian food for the first time today and this restaurant is an excellent cultural ambassador .
Simple food done very well . If you want a good meal with friendly staff it is worth stopping by .
Perfect burgers when you ' re looking for classic comfort food ! Would definitely recommend to my friends and family .
Love this gas station ! Always clean and tidy and I ' m a huge fan of their coffee !
Dined here for my graduation dinner ! It reminds me of the food my moms friend ( a wonderful Italian woman ) used to make . Makes me wish I lived here !
One of the best pizza restaurants out there . Super fast delivery , amazing food , and great prices . Highly recommend this place !
Love this place . Staff are friendly and on time . Always bring the right order . Highly recommend eating their delious food .
Food was good customer service was great plan on come back price was fare also had food for the baby small dish
Love the food especially the happy hour specials as well as the friendly staff , you really can ' t go wrong here
I was pleasantly surprised there is a lot to see here being that it is inside springs preserve the kids loved it we plan on coming back as soon as the water works opens up ! !
Hands down the best wonton and soup base ! Their wontons are huge and delicious !
I ordered the green curry with the accompanying brown rice . All absolutely fantastic ! Will travel from uptown Phoenix for this food !
I am extremely please with the service . John installed pendant lights for us and he was courteous and very friendly . If we need services again , they will be the ones we call !
Great food , friendly service . They even offered gluten free options for us due to an allergy . We will definitely come back !
Amazing gelato ! Gelato in the French Macaroons was a delightful and surprising twist . Santana helped us and she was great - made a beautiful gelato flower ! Amorino is a must for all gelato - lovers !
Really tasty sandwich and a good amount of fries . I had a great time and got food quickly .
Bestest bang for your entertainment buck in all of Nevada , or California for that matter .
Brandon did a great job . He was helpful , nice , professional , and the outcome was perfect . Price was fair and scheduling was easy . I will definitely use again .
Excellent friday dinner . relaxing atmosphere - pizza was steaming hot & tasted great ! ! The manager Laura rocks
Great little place for foot massage . Went with my girlfriend and had Jenny and Nana ? We both enjoyed it , amazinggggg .
Great tasting food ! plus the servers are very nice and friendly ! The prices are also very good . I highly recommend this place if you ' re looking for quality Korean cuisine .
Our new favorite pizza spot ! Affordable and the delivery was pretty quick . They also followed our specifications when we ordered and made sure everything was cooked well - done , just the way we like it !
Excellent tortas and breakfast burritos ! The chile verde burrito is pretty tasty too !
Very good ! For dessert I would suggest the chocolate toffee cake with vanilla ice cream !
The owner of this place puts an incredible amount of care into what he does . The food is simple but delicious and fairly priced .
All glass hookahs great place to smoke and chill . Cleanest hookah lounge in AZ . Staff is great and owner is Awesome ! ! !
Great nursery ! Customer service was above and beyond . Alex was very knowledgeable and helpful . We will shop here again !
If you want the BEST VIEW in all of VEGAS go HERE ! ! ! Fabulous is every way and not touristy . Gorgeous drinks , well trained staff , and you can sit indoors or out !
Grew up in China and I know my boba . Brea tea is without a doubt the best one can find in Vegas
Good crispy wings ! Love the Louisiana rub and lemon pepper . Have to try other flavors next time .
My first restaurant meal in Las Vegas and it was very good and reasonably priced ! I woll definitely visit again maybe even before I leave on this trip .
Service has been improved and the food is always good here especially he squid ink fried rice and short ribs .
These guys are the best . They ' re clean trustworthy and honest . I highly recommend them . They provide much better service for my vehicle than the dealership was providing . Honest .
My wheel was bent from a pot hole and charged me $ 100 to fix . Completed the job in 30 min .
Saw this show week of Oct 21st 2013 . Very very good show . Whole family could go to this show . Loved the audience participation part of show . Very entertaining start to finish
Excellent food ! Excellent service ! My family and I will definitely be back . The best Drunken noodles I have ever had .
Hands down , this is the best sushi in the greater Cleveland area .
Fast & easy at the DT . The associate took my order & by the time I went to the window , they gave me my food . Quick !
Love this place , the spring rolls are perfect ! I ' m addicted to the vermicelli bowls as well ; )
Everything we had from their menu was fantastic . Nice atmosphere , great wait staff . Truley an enjoyable evening .
Nachos , wings , and Hawaiian tacos are highly recommended , Thursday nights are the best ! Great local place in the Tuke .
The kid behind the counter , the guy in back , the parmesan truffle fries , the butter marsala sauce . . . Holy awesomeness
I love this place ! I love the people here ! : - D Been here multiple time and I left feeling awesome every time !
Delicious cakes , every flavor ! ! Each bite explodes with flavor . Lovely presentation . Perfect gift for a group or individual treated !
Off the hook . . . rare beef to the bone finger licking good ! ! : ) ) Enjoy all these foods we ' ve tried too . Checkout our yummy eats ! ; )
Best service and food . We go here as often as possible . Mark is great at his job . Highly recommended .
I ran here ! Loved the walk here and jog . You can literally explore all of Old Montreal by running through here and along the water and into the little streets . Such a great running path !
This place was amazing ! ! Wilkey , Becca , Z , and Anthony were the best ! ! ! Great atmosphere , great people , and great service .
Food , service and ambiance were exceptional ! Would definitely go back . Not overly expensive either !
Best prices i have found . Ive been almost everywhere in the valley and I got my coils for my atlantis for 4 $ . Im trying their juice out tomorrow .
The best date bars . Lots of healthy choices to choose from ! Very fresh . Wonderful salads . Great service .
Corn muffins are yummy The apple sausage and all the breakfast foods are really good A fun place for kid S
Absolutely delicious and super creative ! My daughter and I are forever new tea fans because of this place ! Love love love and highly recommend !
This place was fabulous ! Beaitiful ! It is wonderful that there is such a nice place in Phoenix ! Jennifer was wonderful ! Helpful and welcoming ! I look forward to returning !
For price and quality this is the most delicious boba I have found yet . Friendly staff , low wait time , very sweet boba .
Found on yelp leaving back to California ! Was great food I got the SunDevil and it was great ! They have lots to chose from !
Had the Barrila and lengua tacos both were delicious . My wife had posole and she loved it as well . Can ' t wait to go back .
My new go to spot . When you in Vegas come here ! I love theAndy roll and the dynamite roll . Yumm
This place is beautiful and they are very nice and cool , yes the actually talk to u ! ! ! ! Pretty inside too . Check it out ! ! !
My experience with Chandler Mercedes was top notch . Todd Frison was amazing from beginning to end . . . I highly recommend !
Everything that was great at the old place is still great . Add in diner food that is PHENOMENAL and you have The Diamond . Cannot say enough good things about this joint .
Sarah is such a sweet heart . She takes great care of you ! I would not go anywhere else . Tell your friends .
To the people that have given this restaurant less than five stars it is obvious you don ' t know what good food is . And wow the customer service is amazing .
This crew are absolutely awesome , they are running a real " restoration hand car wash " , ask for Francisco . Look at my 12 years old Subaru ! ! No question ask !
What a great find ! They bake their own breads and they have incredible juices ! Everything is yummy and healthy ! Their Pumpkin Soup is great !
Great food ! Server forgot a few things but it was quickly remedied . KPop videos on the big screen . Delicious side dishes .
Always good food , and beautiful grounds - - at every season ! !
I had a wonderful experience from start to finish . The installer MARK was great and HEATHER in the office was fabulous ! ! Recommend Highly
Hidden gem . The food is tasty and fresh . Prices are very reasonable . Definitely will come again .
Amazing breakfast . Grits , eggs , sausage , and bacon couldn ' t have been any better . Nice environment and friendly staff .
Good food and extra good customer service . We ordered for delivery and the forgot dessert . One call and the bring back 2 extra . Nihari and karhai very good
I ' ve been going here for awhile now , Marisa does my nails & hair great every time I go . . I ' ve used Jessica for my nails once , she did good jib too .
Enjoyed our dinner at Japango . Well prepared , good price / quality . Would definitely go back .
Dr . McGee is fantastic ! He is very professional and courteous . Hands down one of the best orthopedic surgeons in town . The staff and facility are also great .
" John the service rep was amazing . He was an expert of the matter even before I dropped my car off . He was genuine , thorough and honest . I could not be more pleased . "
A Tempe institution ! Always consistent , with great people and amazing food . I have been coming here for over 10 years during college and after . Get the chorizo with egg .
My wife and I go here for stay - cations . . . Awesome pool . Great rooms for the price and lots of excellent restaurants .
My favourite were the veggie noddles . Fast and friendly service . Very busy but still they manage fast service . Soup is delicious too . We ordered the Bollywood Chicken and the Chicken pakora . Very good
One of my favorite lunch restaurants . Sitting on the lake , great wine and food . Merci bou qu .
Super nice staff ! Only 7 wks old and it ' s full . Watching march madness . Free cornbread Solid beer section . Amazing pulled pork ! We probably ordered too much haha . HUGE portions !
Food was excellent . Family loved it . We had French Toast , Strawberry Pancakes , bacon and eggs . The sausage was thick and meaty . Delicious !
Shout out to nurses Carol and Esther for taking such good care of my husband for a week . Thank you to Ann for coordinating his home care with the VA . I recommend Preferred Home Care highly .
Love going here always has my nails perfect for my photoshoot ! ! ! Usually don ' t showcase my short nails but after their touch definitely will be going natural ! Love their work and professionalism
Awesome , shot a gun for the first time today . Relatively cheap , and most importantly great experience . Children above 8 are allowed to play , Id required .
Efficient and had our order correct ! ! ! Fantastic service especially as they had a sudden rush when we walked in . Good job BR ladies ! !
I have a picky wife and this place satisfies her health consciousness and my love for delicious food . Fish tacos are bomb !
The best Korean steakhouse in Las Vegas . Very friendly personal and good quality of meat .
Have no idea what I just ate but it was so good I cried a little . Service was very nice , wood panel walls remind me of the shining . Spicy pork thing was ridiculous .
Thank you Veronica great service ! Fast and friendly service and great food ! The perfect breakfast on a weekend morning .
Friendly service . Great variety of frozen yogurt flavors and toppings . Plus a big variety of custom gelato flavors .
$ 10 for two ice cream sandwiches with toppings on them ! ! ! Good price good ice cream . Kids love it : )
We had William as a waiter he was batting a thousand one hundred and 10 % the food was fantastic the atmosphere was phenomenal and the wine was exceptional
Great customer service . Good prices on supplements & amazing protein smoothies . So happy to have them nearby .
The Phoenix office is wonderful , they have done all of my pregnancy ultrasounds . And Dr . Hill is a wonderful woman who is caring and compassionate with high risk pregnancies .
Yes Fresh Burger ! ! Another location FTW ! You have to order the double , it ' s just infinitely better than one patty . What are you waiting for ? ! Go try it !
Best Sharma in Calgary , hummus is smooth and the potato and garlic sauce are where its at , service is good , clean definitely worth dropping by if craving Sharma
We really enjoyed our dinner . We ordered Seafood noodle and Deep fried fish with Island special sauce . It was delicious . Great service , too !
Delectable brisket , satisfying sausage and boffo beans made for a 5 - star experience . And the servers were mighty pleasant , too .
The BEST Thai food in AZ ! ! ! Great food ! Great time ! Always treated like a family at Lemongrass , Love you !
Went into the grooming department to get our two dogs ' claws trimmed . They ' re both very difficult but were easily and quickly managed by the friendly and efficient staff . Great service !
Got highlights today for the first time and would only trust Lionel ! He did a phenomenal job as always . Book an appointment ASAP !
Love love this place , tony is awesome ! And prices are great ! Will be going there for now on !
Excellent food no matter what time you go . . . Lunch specials are great lots of food for the price .
amazing as goodas fogo
I have now been to Needle & Pin twice and have been thrilled both times . The drinks and food are excellent and the service has been fantastic . I look forward to my next visit .
You just have to eat here . Everything is delicious . We always come here when in town . The instant bacon is a must as a starter .
Best meal I have had in a while . The ravioli and meatballs were INCREDIBLE ! ! ! mussels and octopus were also amazing . Can ' t wait to go back and try more items
This place has awesome customer service and californians are welcome ! Got out cheap . He only spent $ 200 . Nice guys . Popular stop in Vegas .
Great place to have a kids birthday party . Our experience was terrific ! The kids had a blast and our host was incredible . She took care of everything . I would recommend this venue
They ALWAYS bring the perfect product , at the perfect temperature and the best flavorful pizzas we have ever had . ALWAYS on time ! ! ! ENJOY
Friendly staff great sushi ! The pink lady was fresh and filling . If you can ' t decide what you want they will help you based on what you like to eat . Definitely coming back .
It can ' t get any better than Sakana . This has been the best experience when it comes to freshness , quality and service . Highly recommended for sushi .
Best place in area for haircut and styling , massages , nails and other spa treatments . Service is extremely friendly !
Excellent service for our big family of 9 . The food was delicious and the hot tea was at a perfect temperature . We ' ll definitely be back soon ! : )
Really enjoyed this place . I didn ' t expect a lot when I walked in , but it was excellent . All 7 of us enjoyed the various meals we ate .
This place is amazing ! Very authentic . They were extremely friendly and even assisted us with the right sauces and food choices . Highly recommended
I ' ve ordered from both locations an embarrassing amount of times . They have the best soy sauce imo and always really good quality .
Nice theater . Every Tuesday is $ 5 . 25 alllllll day for all ages . You can ' t beat that . They have a rewards program for locals . I ' ll definitely be back
Locally owned full service . Very efficient , friendly , knowledgeable . I ' ve used them for the last four years and they remain at the top of their game . Very dependable .
a must have for the pizza lover , the fact that next door is another one of the greatest pizza shops in the city is a testament to how good this pizza really is .
stopped in for a leaking tire . handled me right away . found the nail , patched it up and was outta there in no time . honest , fast , friendly and cheap . thanks again guys !
David did an awesome job on my gel nails . They were literally perfect . Very happy and this place is super close to home - love it !
Absolutely my favorite tried it for the first time in an office meeting nobody had ever had it and we will be having their pizza from now on 25 employees and we all loved it
My favorite Thai restaurant in Phoenix metro area . Yupha and her staff do a great job - I ' ve enjoyed everything I ' ve tried .
My boyfriend and I came in tonight and we had a wonderful server . She was super attentive and sweet . I think her name was Celeste ? Will deff be back and will be asking for her !
Great atmosphere and great food . The burgers are fantastic , big fan of the barbecue bacon bleu burger . Don ' t forget to hit them up on your birthday for ten bucks off your meal .
Fantastic ! Great service , friendly staff and exceptional prices . Locally owned and operated .
Crust is awesome , good flavor in sauce too . Definitely recommend getting all the crust toppers . Pizza reheats great also , IF you have any left over .
Lamb , steak and chicken , all a delight ! Everyone aims to please . Yummy and convenient . I ' m sure they cater a party for me soon !
This is a MUST try ! It is delicious amazing twist on traditional Italian dishes Come in today and make a reservation
Excellent Thai food ! Delicious soup & salad bar to accompany a wonderful entree . If I lived here , I would be a regular ! !
Great customer service , not stuffy , down to earth folks , and the best cheesecake south of NYC !
Loved eating here when I was in college and was glad to find one in charlotte . The BBQ mahi tacos are worth every penny
Great food . . . . great service . . . no wait for a table on Valentine Day . The fried red snapper with sweet & sour sauce was so yummy . Thank you guys !
This place is a staple for when my preschooler needs to let out some energy and we ' re all hungry . Food is always fresh , service is always outstanding .
Nice and new restaurant . Menu is simple with a number of ramen and rice dishes . Pork fried rice was flavorful and plentiful for only $ 7 .
The perfect addition to the neighbourhood . The coffee is consistently good and always a good record spinning , this place has the perfect vibe to sit back and relax , meet up with friends .
I love the Art Galley it Ontario . . . This is truly a place to be proud of as a Torontonian and Canadian . Such a nice foyer and beautiful art . Good job , Gehry .
Avocado toast and chai latte ! So good and guys behind the counter are awesome ! Hopefully they will be doing bulletproof coffee soon .
Kevin keeps you laughing out loud for the full show . Funny material & great delivery in an intimate setting .
You have to know you ' re getting what you pay for , and $ 25 for a massage is pretty darn cheap . Massage was great and customer service was fantastic .
Amazing food well cooked pasta and great service and they really liked this place . . And I got a really big dish
Today was my 1st time at this location and Niloo did such an amazing job on my eyebrows ! ! ! I absolutely love them this is my new eyebrow place !
Their chicken parmesian dinner is the best . Great sauce , great little salad and the chicken parm is awesome .
Taste - great Service - great Parking - 3 hour free street parking . Great Ambience - good enough Price - around $ 15 per person
We continue to take our Jack Russells in for visits and could not be happier with the great care and service they provide here !
Great and fast service . Real easy to work with . Had my project done ASAP
My favorite lunch spot in Vegas . Everything is very fresh . Try the chicken curry sandwich or get a chicken pesto in a wrap .
Good quality burgers ! You won ' t be disappointed . The avocado club is my favorite . Try the sweet potato fries too , very good .
This place is great ! You can ' t go wrong ordering anything here . It ' s all so good . Staff is incredibly friendly too .
Very helpful staff who answered all my beginner questions without blinking . Informative and nice staff . The setup is great too , very open and clean . Earned my business for the future .
Really love this place . Every Time I have come in here , Adam has been behind the bar . Super nice and knowledgable . Prices aren ' t too bad and huge variety !
Amazing service every time I am here . Such great customer service . I love having my SNS nails here
Great coffee and atmosphere . They make a mean cortodo and flat white .
My go to spot in college . Great prices for great food . Margaritas are great as well . Visit it every time I ' m in town
Wonderful breakfast . It ' s really yummy . I will love to come back again . They so many options for breakfast
I really enjoyed this restaurant and the customer service . I am unable to eat several types of food and they specialized a dish just for me and it was fantastic .
I stayed here on business and loved it . Excellent customer service from staff , beautiful rooms and decor and great breakfast selection . I would definitely stay here again !
Absolutely authentically delicious Mexican food . A must eat place . Wishing they would open a place on the East side !
So delicious , fun atmosphere and friendly service ! They had a binder with pictures of their food , which really helped me decide . I loved it ! Will definitely come back ! Namatse !
Love this place . Amazing soups , sandwiches & service . Always enjoy the banter with Olivier .
Chill environment , the staff know their stuff and are very helpful , great juices . My friends and I come here all the time .
I ' ve cold beer and free rodeos on Friday ! !
Awesome awesome awesome ! ! ! ! Great sushi in the best price ! ! ! Will definitely come here again ! ! ! Luv it .
Best tacos and burritos in the neighborhood . I just saw someone with the torta and it looked amazing . I am definitely trying the torta next time I ' m here .
John in flooring is an amazing employee ! He was so helpful and explained everything . He also saved us a ton of money on my parents flooring which was very much appreciated !
Awesome food and even better service ! ! The Illinois roll was amazing along with their huge thick cut of hamachi kama
Great place for lunch using their homemade bread . Most of the desserts are ok . They just started baking pies and they are awesome . Small pies are $ 5 and large ones are $ 12
Had a great experience here , quality work and fast and friendly service . I ' ll be back !
This place never lets my boyfriend and I down ! We love it so much we order from here weekly . My favourite part about this place is they deliver late on weekends !
Great donuts , Boba drinks and slushes . Open 24 hours too ! Got the Bavarian filled donut holes and roasted coconut donut . Friendly staff . A must go to when in the Phoenix / Tempe area .
First time here and loved everything from the prix fixe menu . Every bite was a delight , great suggestions from the bar , and overall a night I will not forget !
Excellent pulled BBQ sandwich . Nice atmosphere . The gumbo is great for this area . Staff was attentive and courteous .
Best BBQ in Champaign - Urbana . It ' s not just the sauce . They know how to cook the meat . I ' m not sure I ' ve had better beef brisket anywhere .
From the moment you walk in the door and see the custom pet tiles to being greeted and the love and care our Puggle received totally 5 or as Landry says 4 Paws !
Kaum pong kee Is my favorite but I also enjoy the orange chicken . Their California rolls are also really good . The food is good and it ' s clean . That works for me .
First time here and I love it ! ! For the price and massage it is a must . . I didn ' t expect hot stones as part of the session but that was a plus .
Excellent experience with Acri . All questions and concerns were addressed in a timely and complete manner . Alyson was very helpful ! Megan was also . Thanks ladies !
I have been to Bouchon multiple times . This last time the service was superb , my fish dish was cooked perfectly , everyone that joined us enjoyed their meal as well . Nice job !
went to get a take - away . Excellent service & easy atmosphere . Good choice of IPAs on the tap . Food was as good as advertised ! Going back
OOoo my goodness . The coconut shrimp and fish tacos are the BEST around ! The atmosphere is casual but clean and the service is amazing ! Family friendly and fast ! Enjoy !
Best place to eat great food I always come here for lunch dinner love it full bar nice people great service but als you want
Has been a family favorite for YEARS . This is their Seafood Pizza . Worth every penny !
Just came here for the dessert for the chocolate flower pot cake not bad for $ 20 . It ' s something different & unique
Great place ! Love the people and atmosphere . Good location . Best of all the products they use and sell are top of the line . Can ' t go wrong . Lana was awesome ! Keratin treatment
Everyone totally professional . Root canal required only 2 Tylenol . Great experience for unpleasant task
Great authentic Mexican food . Globe / Miami transplant . Red chili and green chili con carne are excellent . Great tacos just to name a couple of items . Regular long time customer .
I love my vet very friendly staff and my veterinarian doctor is really good with my dog specially when he gets sick
I just love this bar ! Great atmosphere friendly bar tenders . I have not tried the food yet but have heard good things . All ages are at this bar .
Great service from Sean ! This outstanding waiter from Pennsylvania really loves his job wholeheartedly . Great food ! Will come here again !
Teo Chow Soya sauce foods ( 潮州滷水雞鴨 ) 、hand - made beef / pork / fish balls 手打牛貢魚丸、curry 咖哩、HK style milk tea 港式奶茶⋯⋯NO MSG 無味精 ! 好味道！正 ! 服務一流 ! 食得好開心 !
Olympia serves Toft ' s ice cream which is awesome . They also carry many types of candies . They feature local products from dairy to salsa .
Great Korean bbq in Vegas with a very good happy hour for food and drinks . The Toro and bulgogy were really tasty and the complementary sides are great .
Great customer service ! The food is fresh and delicious ! Highly recommended if you are looking for a satisfying meal ! ! !
Amazing food . Highly recommend . If you live in the Mesa area and been looking for good carne asada or pollo . Stop looking this is the place !
This is one of the best BBQ joints I have ever been to . I haven ' t tried anything on the menu that wasn ' t fantastic !
Great service and personal pizzas . Bbq wings were good and crispy great beer selection for only having 6 taps . Beers were $ 3 . 50 on Sunday ' s for a pint of craft beer
Soooo good ! Must try waffle with fresh whip cream ! Service was incredible , great workers !
This is the only dry cleaner in the area that does same day service and offers fair pricing . I ' ve been going here for 3 Years and have always been happy with their work and service .
Excellent food and cool atmosphere I found the prices reasonable as well . I had the sabana de pollo and it was Awesome washed down with don Julio anejo
Absolute favorite place to eat in Tempe . Great prices and very good food . Highly recommend !
Although not the least expensive sandwich on the planet . . Ik ' e s is up there with best I have ever had . . The bread is fantastic , and the combination of ingredients are ingenious .
I love going to Tacos kissi at least once a week the service is great prices are decent very good Pina and horchata
My friends and I stopped by after a school event last week . The I got a chai tea with boba . It was fast and delicious . It ' s nice inside too
Angie Benjamin is the best service advisor I have worked with - - - at ANY dealership ! She always insures that my car is completely and correctly serviced and she has excellent communication .
They were responsive and within 2 days had someone out to the house for the pigeons . We also scheduled them to do bug extermination in the house . On time , professional and affordable .
Amazing pedicure and manicure they spent so much time on it and the massage and hot stones were amazing . The staff is friendly and wonderful .
Bob Flay ' s food is so good its worth leaving your husband Ari Gold for ! I had the shrimp tamales , salmon , and chicken salad and pear cactus tea ! All Excellent !
Always a delight to come here ! Very old school and brings you back in time ! Great place to watch a classic movie ! Only has 2 theaters !
Love this donut shop . Super old school , staff people always nice and to top it off it ' s always open : )
Place is awesome , great sushi . . amazing lunch / happy hour deals . I still haven ' t made it through half the menu in 5 visits . Haven ' t been disappointed yet .
Beautiful new office , amazing staff and Marlena the assistant is awesome ! Dr . Blank is wonderful as well !
Great place to spend the day . Take the ferry to Centre Island and rent a bike and explore the island . Great views at sunset of the city .
I love Tomo sushi ! Very clean and very relaxing inside . I have been to this location an uncountable amount of times and never had a bad experience .
I ordered my lunch online to pick up . The people were super friendly and my order was ready and waiting . Perfect ! I would recommend this chipotle to all ! Thanks : ) Sandi
Great customer service and the best boba in Vegas hands down ! ! ! Drinks are alway consistent and on point .
My friend and me stopped in for a late afternoon ball game and meal . I ordered the fish and chips . DELICIOUS ! Will return very soon . The food and serving was above par .
Really good food & great service ! ! Will be back ! ! Im from seattle so Hopefully sooner then later ! !
excellent food and amazing array of beer options . Love the fun atmosphere . Even some of the odd combos worked !
Best damn hoagie in Pittsburgh , order 5 super destroyers every steeler game , get the destroyer and you won ' t be disappointed ! !
Great find for some excellent tacos ! Had the street tacos . Carne Asada , Chicken & Green Chili Pork . Couldn ' t pick a favorite , they were all great .
Brand - new store , located near my house . Easily accessible from Ray Road . Well stocked store . Outstanding customer service . Clean store inside & out .
I had 1 : 00 apointment & arrived a little late due to traffic but Jaron helped me in a very professional way and was able to answer all my questions Thank you Sir .
Our family loves ASAP ! The Notorious is a hit with both us parents and our picky toddler who loves ' the yummy sauces ' . We always recommend ASAP City to visitors and friends !
It ' s official . I ' m addicted to their chicken kebab and ground chicken .
My family LOVES Vapiano ! The food is excellent and the card system is so nice because you don ' t have to wait for your check !
Came to my front door , same day appointment and had my 2014 Audi Q5 looking better than it did pulling off the lot . Amazing job and great price .
Pita bread made fresh daily and their meats fresh roasted also . Salads so tasty . My favorite gyro place by far . Worth the drive ! ! ! !
Really good ! Lamb tongue and gyro with hand made pita bread . Really good ! Hummus and dessert very good too ! Excellent service !
Nice atmosphere , good food , great hosts and an awesome place to spend time with family , friends and friend . . .
I found my fringed leather jacket here and even though my sixteen year old son says , " I look confused " I ' m a happy camper
Very good pho and spring rolls . The menu is small and simple but they do everything really well !
Came intoday on a short notice and was able an oil . Change and tire rotation . Price was great . Great service , great employees , will always trust them to work on ALL of my cars
An awesome place to grab a bite to eat ! The service and food were outstanding ! I highly recommend this restaurant !
These guys were awesome ! Great service . In and out on a 115 degree day . Sam even extended his work into late morning to a accommodate my schedule . Highly recommend !
Went here to grab dinner yesterday for me and a coworker and I thought it was great . The gentleman was very nice and the prices were awesome . I ' ll be back again .
Usually go to the Scottsdale location but was in the area of the new location . The restaurant was very clean , the service was great and the food was very good !
Place is s little hole in the wall never busy . But the food is great ! I drive over 1 hour to eat there .
Vegan burger that tasted like a big mac . Amazing ! ! ! If you want to try something different then order their jackfruit quinoa fritters so delicious . Atmosphere and ambiance very nice as well .
ラスベガスといえば、グランドキャニオン観光のベースポイントでもありますが、ラスベガス市街からわずか２０分程度の場所にアメリカの大自然を間近に感じることができる場所があります。 それが、このレッドロック・キャニオンです。誰も住んでいない場所ですが、全長１３マイル（約２１キロ）のScenic Driveと呼ばれる観光用の一方通行道路を進みます。所々に展望台のある駐車場があります。料金はクルマ１台７ドルです。混雑状況にもよりますが、主要な展望台で停車して、１時間程度で一周できます。時間がないときは、１５９号線をScenic Driveの入口を通過してそのまま進むと、道路沿いに大きな展望スペースがあり、雄大な景色をショートカットで楽しむことができます。 まるでペンキで塗ったような鮮明なラインのある山は、かつて地下の地層だった時代に、地下水が流れていた部分だけ色が抜けたのだそうです。また、この辺りは太古の昔は海底だったそうで、そう言われると広大な草原も海底に見えてきます。
I love this place friendliest managers ever I love the breakfast they are super quick and always smiling fast food with a 5 star restaurant service and a like home feeling
This place is awesome . Great ambiance and even better food . Definitely try the Russian Roulette Peppers !
Tuesdays Mornings Free Coffee and Bagels as soon as you walk in
Great deviled eggs . Had to order another round . They where out of the catfish but the service was great and the food was outstanding .
Jacob has been the technician for our office for a few years . He does quality work , is on time , and always friendly and professional .
MOMO is the spot for some great sushi ! Get the Irish role ! ! Anything you get , will be awesome !
Wow . All I have to say is wow . Came here for an event and thy were above and beyond . Delicious food , amazing service . Great location . Definitely come here .
Love this restaurant . I recently had the beef tartar and pork and pumpkin pasta and would highly recommend both .
Mike and Matt did a fantastic Job . Highly recommend .
Excellent breakfast ! ! ! ! The coffee is great and the maple syrup is delicious . All around awesome experience . Go here ! : )
I love this place . The sushi is good . The hibachi is fantastic . Wish it was a little closer to home .
Outstanding food , excellent service , simple yet solemn , great smells great taste , great people coming together to share the warmth and culture . Thank you for sharing
This place was wonderful , food prepared perfectly ! Stuffed mushrooms divine . Make sure to try the meatballs ! Clean kitchen , great ambiance , good experience and can ' t wait to go back ! ! !
Love coming here ! By far the best hamburger . They use Angus beef better quality ! Those French fries with the truffle oil are the best fries ever ! Staff is very friendly too !
Please go if you ' re in downtown Mesa . Dog Friendly ! ! Lovely proprietors . Two hot breakfast choices . Very pleasant . You walk - up to order your food .
This place is awesome ! Great food and excellent service . I just had their watermelon salad w / arugula - truly delicious , fresh , and filling . EXCELLENT
just had yesterday , need to return asap . nice variety of dog choices .
Amazing service and food . My husband and two boys had a great time . I would highly recommend Mesa !
Top notch indian food in the valley . Fairly new place but the 2 brothers are doing an extremely good job of serving excellent quality indian food . Don ' t miss out .
Super yummy ! Excellent service ! Not crowded at all and they brought our food out super fast ! # LFTHX
Was visiting Charlotte for business and checked out this restaurant after reading the good reviews on Yelp . our server Melinda was amazing and I reccomend you requesting her .
EXCELLENT customer service . DELICIOUS cakes . I use them all the time for various occasions , however , the cakes are a bit pricey , but still well worth it .
AAAmazing Pizza ! ! You can truly taste the quality ingredients . Everything so yummy and fresh . THE BEST Pizza in Las Vegas PERIOD .
Awesome staff , very nice suite , great housekeeping , concierge , front desk , nice stainless appliances , beautiful pool , great shuttle service . . . thank you for an incredible experience TRUMP Las Vegas !
The best customer service ! ! ! Superfamily check out . Great selection . Gas prices are average for the area .
Total hidden gem . The food is amazing and for someone who is not vegan or vegetarian , there are so many options ! Can ' t wait to go back and try more !
The staff was really awesome . I highly recommend coming here for the pot roast . The house brews are good too . Will definitely come back here to eat every time I ' m in town . .
We had so much fun ! There were 5 of us , including 3 adults and a 10 and 15 yr old . It was interesting and fun and we can ' t wait to go back .
This is the best Korean food on the planet ! They are fast , convenient , courteous and there aren ' t enough words to convey how great they are .
These guys never disappointing . Love Chipotle . Wish there was a rewards program as much as I shop here .
First time . Food was great . Service excellent one of the better Mexican restaurants in Arizona . Loved it . Will be back !
Wonderful size room , nice to have a kitchenette , with utensils to cook with . Very clean , nice staff , glad I choose to stay here .
It ' s clean , bright , and most importantly it has a great collection of a little bit of everything . It ' s a wonderful choice for family and friends . And it ' s free .
Amazing food ! ! ! ! Highly recommend ! ! ! Tiny hole in the wall . Super friendly and helpful staff . Had 5 street tacos fried fish tacos yummmmmm !
So yummy ! ! ! Got the bbq chicken salad and the fontina burger . Also the strawberry lemonade is a must ! ! ! Also , the beet salad was so yummy ! ! ! !
So happy to find an such an amazing Italian restaurant on this side of town . I expect that before long they ' ll require reservations , once this secret gem of a café is discovered !
Me and my dog Humus love this place . The staff is super friendly and everything in the store is quality .
Really good froyo with fresh toppings . The smoothie was good but not great . Prices are moderate but not bad by Vegas Strip standards .
Phenomenal ! Excellent service , delicious food , and a fantastic coffee service , all at reasonable prices . What more could you ask for ?
Great service and food , all you would expect from Sammy . Will be back next time we are in Vegas
I ' ve been going here since 7th grade and they ' ve always been so consistent . The boba is good and the spicy calamari is delicious .
This place is a hidden gem , thanks to a great owner / chef . Great atmosphere with an excellent menu . Always a great experience .
I love this shop I have nothing bad to say about it , their specials are great , their juices are awesome ! All in all this is my favorite local shop so far .
This place is great . One of those gems that you stumble across by accident . Food is good . Portions are big . Prices are reasonable .
Best tasting apple cider ! The bakery section is equally irresistible . Oh , & the International candy section before checkout ! Mm saltwater taffy . Clearly my sweet tooth has found a new home .
Great except for the lack of AC . Stay away when it is over 80 degrees unless something changes .
Great place for a solid meal , especially breakfast . Dinner and lunch is pretty good too . The menu is rather extensive worth reading all of it since they offer most of it all day long .
Dr Yu and his staff are amazing . They explain everything and Dr Yu did a great job on my total hip replacement . Less than two months and no more walker or cane ! ! !
Customer service was great . Frog legs and crawfish were awesome too . Would definitely come back
Vey big and nice ambiance . Lots of sports for groups to sit . Loved the lychee rose cake ( pictured ) . Went to hear Sam play guitar
Get all my hemming done here and they always do a great job . Quality is consistent and customer service is top notch . What else can you ask for from an alterations place ?
I love this place ! Does anyone know if they opened back up on Monroe Rd . ? What is the full address ?
Best Cheese Pizza in Vegas . Crispy crust , over sized slices . Nothing further to say .
Yummy in my tummy ! I tried the mushroom soup . . . . . soooo fabulous ! The chop salad is my new fav . The staff is so friendly and genuine !
Michael was awesome . Made it fun to be there . Super friendly . Love that you don ' t have to get out of the car . Will definitely be back !
Best customer service in the Vegas cannabis business ! Wow . I went in for the first time today , and it was seriously such great friendly customer service . GREAT selection as well .
Great shops , outdoor shops also nice , yummy restaurants - nice way to spend a few hours !
First time using this cleaner since recent move to Scottsdale . Very efficient , good communication ; staff personable . Excellent results .
Great place , good food and beer . Took my girl here and she enjoyed it as much as I did .
Great location . Great service . Free shampoo . I walked in Wednesday night , and there were no line . Best value cut around the area .
Uni bibimbap is awesome . Also highly recommend Gangnam and meatlover combo . Oysters are great too .
Excellent food , great staff . . . professional and friendly . Also very helpful and knowledgeable of the menu . Great downtown location for a pre or post theater dinner .
Great place to eat and very friendly service and food . This place has a good long history with the area and dedicated customers . Breakfast is good and lunch is also .
Best Chinese restaurant around PERIOD . Ask for the authentic Chinese menu . This place is new and has been updating their menu quite often . The flavor is overall pretty authentic .
True old school vegas like it should be Great schtick and fantastic musicality Ull be greatly entertained Better than the thirty other shows I ' ve seen Two thumbs up and a big smile at the end of it
Love my lavish nails ! I was looking for a new place and I found it . Great service relaxing atmosphere . I will definitely be back . Yelp guided me to the right place .
Pizza taste awesome ! ! I got the lucky 7 special , love that they ' re not skimpy with ingredients . I would definitely recommend .
I just tried this place the quality was great service also great I didn ' t know much about the food it was an adventure for me . I would give it a try
Cet endroit est devenu ma boulangerie de choix ! Ils offrent un bon éventail de produits portugais à bon prix .
Une brasserie artisanale , plus 200 Scotchs au décor de musée avec une collection de 27000 items .
Breafast anyone ? This is my Sunday breakfast spot , good service , good food , good prices , great place ! Spanish Omelet with hash brown and toast Hobo special comes with everything you could ever want !
My husband wanted something different so I brought him here . He couldn ' t decide because he loved the menu so much . Cute atmosphere .
Staff was friendly and helpful . Chicken egg and cheese bagel was awesome ! The owner Dave appreciated our business and we ' ll be back !
This is one of the best shopping areas I have ever been to . The shops are nice and so are the restaurants . GVR is also my favorite off - strip hotel .
Love this place ! ! ! Best specials all week long ! ! ! Great food and a fun place to hangout ! ! !
Probably the best bagel I ' ve had in years , fresh , light & airy & toasted to perfection . When in the area I ' ll definitely be back for more yummy goodness .
Best grilled chicken sandwich and ribs in years . Hot . Ribs marinated in bbq sauce for hours .
So happy to have found this great salon for the kiddos ! They loved every minute and can ' t wait to go back . Great service and awesome cut . Very reasonable cost - Two thumbs up !
Great food , friendly service . I really enjoyed my quesadilla and the queso is amazing !
jim , ricky and the team are amazing ! ! ! if your having troubles with your car or need an oil change go here . spending a lil more goes far u wont regret it .
Love Risas ! They always take the best care of me ! They have the most friendly staff ever
I love Thai food and this is one of the best Thai restaurant in this area . I like their Drunken Noodles and Tom Yam soup - try the one with coconut milk if you like creamy soup !
Love this place . . . . everyone is positive , warm and friendly . Kathy is very knowledgable and helps you in any way possible . Wish them continued success ! !
Consistently delicious and reasonably priced : ) they also have crazy good deals on the app , so make sure you check that out
In a word : waffles make this five star . Yes a 45 minute drive and whatever wait time makes perfect sense to savor a light fluffy Gluten free waffle at Butters . Gilbert needs a Butters restaurant !
I am a regular customer here . I am always treated well , and they give excellent pedicures .
Here for work and decided to give it a try . Lots of different wing options . Cooked well and served hot ! Great service as well ! Give it a try ! !
Amazing food and are server Amy was fantastic thank you guys for the great service . I will becoming back next time I am in town .
Very nice restaurant that offers everything for everybody . Food and drinks super . Staff needs work do next time I visit we ' ll see . Nice spot too
It has been in China Town for over 20 years , and famous in seafood . No disappointing . Steamed oyster with black bean source is must have ! So good !
Love this salon ! Gary consistently gives me a great cut every time and the staff in general are very helpful and friendly . Love that it ' s an eco friendly salon on top of it .
Great place with great personalized service . Love your lentil soup ! Hope you guys stay open !
Had a great time there today with my wife . Only complaint was that they closed too early . Love that it ' s free ! A must for anyone in town who enjoys art or art history .
One of my all time favorite places . The food is so originally made and I ' ve never been disappointed . My particular favorites are the black bean dip and veggie Kaya burger . Delicious .
Outstanding lunch . Whataburger & fries with spicy ketchup . This restaurant is always clean and employees are helpful .
Hidden gem ! Love this location as it ' s fast and clean . Great staff and service is perfect ! Drive thru is literally drive thru ! No waiting at all !
Excellent food . Great atmosphere . Great service . The BEST ice cream . My only negative is that I thought it was a tad over priced but it won ' t stop me from coming back !
Amazing customer service and even better chicken shawarma plate ! Huge portions for a great price . Took me two days to finish it !
Super tasty ; and great service . . . will definitely be back . . some of the best of this cuisine I ' ve had
This establishment is a staple of Tempe . Go there right now and eat . You ' ll be hooked .
Quick service . When they ' re out of something they ' re fast to fix it . Appreciate the military discount , and the store is clean .
Really impressed with the tacos de carnitas and asada ! ! ! They also have happy hour daily ! ! !
Really good flavor and very light food . We got the pineapple curry fried rice , chicken wings , and sweet & sour chicken . All were very good !
Love my lashes ! ! ! They look even better every time ! ! I have gotten so many compliments on my lashes ever since I had the original extensions done ! Thank you Collete ! !
LDM is top notch ! Very good at what they do and very knowledgeable about the market and helping clients through the entire process . You can tell they have many happy clients !
Best pizza ever on Friday night Feb 17 ! ! Perfectly cooked pan pizza and loaded with toppings ! Thanks guys
Sooo tasty . Fast and friendly service . Delicious vegan options ! Good prices too . All ingredients were fresh !
I loved this place . The food and the customer service were over the top . I loved how elegant the placed looked and the atmosphere . I would definitely recommend this place .
Consistently great pizza , service and prices - you can ' t really go wrong with this gem of a place ! The Margherita pizza is perfection !
Great gamestop ! The staff was very friendly and helpful and there were many things in this store such as the pops that we haven ' t seen at other gamestop stores .
Love this park not to mention all the Poké stops . There is a huge field perfect for soccer or football and there are basketball courts .
They treat you as a VIP . Literally , If its your 1st time you get treated like a celebrity . It was amazing !
This Starbucks has some of the friendliest people of any Starbucks I ' ve ever been to . They are incredibly nice and they always make my drink perfectly . Love it !
This place is RIDICULOUSLY GOOD . I got eggs , pancakes and French toast . YUM ! And the owner is super nice .
I love this place . The most authentic Chinese cuisine I have find in Charlotte . The Sichuan dishes are so delicious . After travelling through China in the Summer I was so pleased to discover this restaurant .
Crab surf and turf was amazing ! Crab legs were on point ! Waitress was awesome ! Glad we found a place that was worth the money .
This place is amazing ! Not only is the food great but the customer service is top notch . Must try the green chili pork ! I would definitely recommend this place .
Best mexican restaurant in Lake County . Highly Recommend
Barro ' s is our favorite pizza for family night and we love their generous and meaty boneless wings .
Every thing was awesome . Bloody Mary bar . . . . . the greatest thing ever . We will be back for sure ! ! ! ! !
Oh ! ! ! ! Just love this place ! So much to choose from . Fish , meats , condiments , fresh produce ! Also , the food kiosks outside of the market . Delicious pho !
If you like to watch sports this place is awesome ! Lots of TVs and great food ! Visited for march madness with a group of 10 friends and had a blast !
This place is so good we stopped by again on the way to the airport to bring some burritos home to Seattle with us ! ! ! We even smuggled the salsa home !
Brew tea bar is hands down the best tea bar in town . Their drink menu and service is excellent ! ! !
The best sushi in Montreal . Totally fresh and exquisitely presented . The ambiance is in westmount square but the sushi is truly excellent
One of the best Thai food dinners I have had in a while . They actually got the spicy when they say spicy . Not that mild stuff you typically find . Great flavor and knowledgeable staff .
Went during lunch on a Thursday for getting a an expedited passport renewal . Was in and out in 20 minutes , including a picture $ 190 . Very knowledgeable and friendly .
This is a WONDERFUL Chinese food ! By far one of the best around . I always get the veggie lo mein and it is delicious ! Great fast service and moderate prices .
Best landscape company with best prices , hands down . Very personable , hard working people .
Great service . Wonderful show by chef . Food was delicious . Definitely check this place out .
New owners much more friendly than previous , pizza is always good and wait staff always friends reviews about wait staff being frustrated at closing . . . . wouldn ' t you be
Love all of their concentrates ! They have a great variety to choose from , viper city , Cali cactus and trap staehabe become my favorite strains to get
Loved it ! Mac King is truly talented and funny . He didn ' t need expensive props to do his magic . The show was worth every penny . I highly recommend it .
Staying in the hotel for couple of days we didn ' t even know that this place had such a tasty food . Great and awesome staff . Friendly location . .
First time here . Good food . Good service . Will be back . Recommend the onion rings & pulled pork .
Absolutely loved it ! ! The service was great and the tacos were delicious . I recommend trying all the different salsas available !
This place is a nice little oasis in a dessert of Starbucks . Great coffee and quiet area , love this place and will be back .
We love the food & environment . The buffalo chicken pizza is amazing and the desserts are really good too !
We had around 12 different dishes and each one was very unique and completely awesome ! Complete pride of ownership . Very much a foodie menu - not designed for your average bear .
Had a great experience . Rented out a penthouse on airbnd . Everything went smoothly . Would definitely stay there again !
Very very funny . Very good show , way better than Cris Angel Believe Magic Show , no joke ! And much affordable price ! ! I recommend for couples , kids , families , everyone ! !
First of all , excellent customer service . Second of all , amazing choices of items . Third of all , every choice you make will have you coming back as a regular .
best turkey sandwich ever ! ! ! ! who would think fries n coleslaw on a sandwich would kick @ ss .
Justin came out to clean a loveseat . He was on time and very pleasant and efficient . Loveseat looks great after cleaning .
Good authentic experience ! Go through the door and let the world go by while you enjoy a relaxing environment !
Very helpful , my insurance sent the wrong info over . And patty was a real big help at sorting everything ! Very good location .
Great grilled chicken with rice bowl . 1st time enough for 2 meals or split . Will go back .
Customer service is so much better than legacy village . The staff is always helpful and polite . Erin is amazing
Place is great ! Laffas are made on the spot . Everything is very fresh . The wraps are very big so they are something you could possibly share .
Very lovely shop . Patisserie is excellent . The service is top notch . If you wish to fine excellent product try this place out .
To Mr . Thomas Keller Thank you . Wish I could give you 20 stars instead of 5 . This was the best meal I have ever eaten . Thank you .
Very good takeout . . . drunken noodles , pad thai , rolls ( not greasy as they often ate at other places ) . Will definitely go back .
Enjoyed our dinner here . We got several apps . . . soups . . . and three meals . . . . loved it all .
The service was excellent including the food . Definitely a satisfied tummy here , but the service made a lasting classy taste . Great job , Thank You !
This place is the best ! ! ! ! The food is delicious and the service is top notch ! Friendly as can be .
This is a very comfortable restaurant with lots of comfort food specials . Prices reasonable and wait staff enthusiastic
We come at least once a week . The food is very fresh and the fries are to die for . Come on down and support the little guys instead of the big franchise .
Incredible dining experience . The ambience , service , food quality , and view is over the top . Certainly one step above Capital Grille , resulting in a solid five stars .
Great cigar shop and excellent private lounge right in the heart of south park . Has everything you need to enjoy a good days smoke in a quiet and comfortable atmosphere .
Quality , thoughtful , delicious food consistently . An innovator in a town diseased with franchise restaurants and fast food
Great place to hang out and use WiFi . Also , they have a good made - from - fresh Chai Latte .
Excellent ! We consistently have the most amazing pizza , lasagna , desserts . When we arrive in Phoenix we head straight to Sapori . Thank you Gasper , Maria and David .
This is one of the best place for korean bbq . Galbi is very delicious ! ! ! Worth to wait for seat .
The best chicken sandwich ever ! ! The salads are amazing and the staff is friendly . If you are looking for healthy and tasty food , this is a very good place !
I love this place , we go here every Friday night , and usually stay . Always something fun going in . Drink are average price wise . Staff is great . Always someone good playing .
Great food . . Good place for the family . . My kids really like it . .
Super clean and friendly salon . So happy to find them ! Perfection My nails haven ' t been this nice for years ! Very satisfied !
Brunched here with a friend . Outstanding atmosphere , service , and some of the best Mex food I ' ve had in the area . Will go again . . . many times .
Love it ! Lots of options . Great service . Only place I go .
Yummy ! ! Nice menu with A Little Less portions . Awesome club sandwich ! ! And the dressing - - - best we ever tasted ! ! '
Great food ! Friendly hosts ! Great prices . One of the best brunch places in the area . Greak salad breakfast is next level
Love this place ! Love the chicken plate . Their Hummus is on point ! Great customer service .
Fav steakhouse chain . Lobster mash a must . Any steak with bone - in a must . Top notch service . Located inside mall . Less stuffy then other locations .
Awesome menu , nice to have Indian and Thai and Sushi done well in the same place . Tried beef salad , chicken tikka , duck curry , all very good .
Omg Sharel always does a fantastic job ! Never cuts it too short , knows I love it long . Only one I trust to cut my hair and well worth the drive across town everytime .
Cool sports bar in Goodyear . The team there is very friendly and attentive . The Jerk flavored wings are a must try !
Stopped in while visiting friends in Mesa , the bagels and cream cheese are absolutely fantastic . The bacon scallion cream cheese is probably the best cream cheese I ' ve ever had !
Excellent South Indian restaurant in Toronto . Clean and calm ambience . Good customer service . Must try restaurant in Toronto ( mainly the non - veg dishes )
Quick , casual and tasty ! The service is good , prices are reasonable and the food is very good . In fact it ' s some of the best Thai food I ' ve had .
I ' ve ordered Munch through Uber Eats . They have really tasty soups and the falafel is also really delicious ! Lots of choices for vegetarians , vegans and meat eaters !
Where else could you get a Waffle with Biscoff , Cream Cheese , and Peanut Butter ? No where , thats where . Clear place . Never TOO busy and super friendly staff . Fun place !
Perfect place for a lunch . Absolutely delicious food - my favorite the Friday special : fish curry with coconut beans , yummy !
Best mexican in northwest valley . Great fish tacos , my kids love the cheese crisps , grilled chicken burrito is awesome . I am a frequent visitor and have yet to be dissatisfied .
Great tamales and friendly service . These tamales are large and full of flavor . The Pablano chile tamale is a must try !
Bomb ass sushi ! Awesome service specifically the tall server with the beard . He was very helpful and attentive . Good location in scottsdale . Not too far from 202 .
Awesome ambiance ! ! We had such a good time there the drinks are stiff we will definetly be back
Their falafel sandwich was so good ! We ate there , but you can take out . Big fan ! Will be back again . It ' s also exciting that they use GrubHub
Really cute place . The food is exquisite and the whole ambience makes you feel as if you are in chocolate heaven . Be prepared for a bit of wait but it will totally be worth it .
Love the ambience hete . If you try anything , lemon soup , pasta , gyros , burgers , to die for . The Sistas got it goin on here . Been going here 22 years
I really like their take on Vietnamese sandwiches ! Lots of good bar food and then some ! One of my favorite lunch spots in Vegas .
Love this gym and the child care ! Always clean . Staff is friendly and the child care staff loves my kids which makes me happy to leave them there
Fantastic food . Amazing service . Cozy and quiet but perfect for a date or large group .
My 2nd visit to this NextCare and again I was extremely happy with the care I received . 3 / 26 / 17 The staff was very caring and personable . Highly recommend !
Try their dinner dishes too ! Their BBQ duck is out of this world !
Excellent thorough job In today ' s world it is worth mentioning When you find folks who proud themselves on doing a quality job ( without being supervised ) Highly recommended
Really good hibachi dinner . I got the chicken and my husband got steak and shrimp . It included soup , salad , fried rice , and vegetables . Everything was perfect !
Excellent service at the bar , Mellisa was always there making sure me and my buddy were good to go the whole time
The only thing I have tried here is the Thai Fried Rice . It is delicious . In my opinion this fried rice is better than that of the other Thai spot downtown , Nicky ' s .
So good ! And the pricy is right on point . I highly recommend this spot for your next boba craving : )
Always great food and great service ! Some of the best fast food hibachi around ! I drive 30 minutes from Rock Hill , SC just to eat here !
Thumbs up . Absolutely love this place ! I love the hand made tortillas and queso fundido . The Mexico City enchiladas are my fave !
Super Amazing and cheap dinners . A special always going on . The staff was very helpful and very friendly .
Thrifty Ice Cream , Yum . has tasted the same for 35 + years . Just wish it cost a nickel a scoop still . going to pick up a 1 / 2 gallon and have some fun
An amazing European atmosphere ! Great coffee and the best desserts ! One of the nicest place I ' ve ever been !
I used to be a vegetarian . . . now I ' m obsessed with their corned beef sandwiches . Yeah , they ' re that good .
I like getting my cats toys and smaller accessories here . I like that they have a lot of variety and a very friendly staff .
We were visiting Las Vegas and stumbled across this restaurant . What a gem ! ! ! ! The food was delicious and made quickly ! The staff and owner were nice and friendly !
This place is awesome ! Really cool , unique ambiance . The staff is very friendly . The peach smoothie was extremely good .
If you ' re hungry and you ' re in the area there is no reason not to stop at Maria ' s ! I wish I lived closer .
This is one of the best restaurants in town for an informal - but high quality meal . I prefer dinner to lunch though .
Shane Tschida was extremely helpful in helping me purchase my home . He was very available , even after closing . Very knowledgeable and always friendly .
Very yummy . . . enjoyed my dinner and enough for a second meal . Staff very friendly and would Def come back if in the area again !
Super cool ! I had a mocha and it was excellent . There ' s a great vibe and they sell cool , local kitschy art and wearables .
Food and service was amazing . Got the chilli as an extra side and it was spicy and delish ! Fries were awesome and steak was awesome ! Cute patio out back .
This is my fave sushi spot on the west side ! Good sushi is so hard to find , but Tomo will definitely hit the spot . Def recommended !
Suuuper cheap and good for the price too ! I ' d love to come back .
Tanya was awesome , knew the menu like the back of her hand , great service , great southern food !
Amazing work ! ! Reliable , on time , State of art technology , clean work , and most importantly , explained how to use system . I will continue using progressive home any further projects .
I had the blackened Ahi Tuna salad and it was so amazing ! 2nd time coming here and I will be back for more ! Such amazing food and service is also amazing ! !
Keith the owner is a great guy ! works crazy hours and will even come to your home to address any concerns or fix it . highly recommend ! great owner and staff .
Dr Youssef and her staff are fantastic ! I had prescription glasses made in 1 / 2 hr and my wife got her LASIK done as well by her Beautiful office & great location .
Great dim sum and huge portions ! Make sure to bring an appetite and / or friends and family . Visits : 7 +
This is very nice asian restaurant . Good foods and nice service . All about the foods we ' re order is so delicious . I really recommend for your guy .
Hidden Gem ! Here on a Friday night and it ' s not very busy . . . not sure why , food is fresh , wide selection and great desserts .
Love it ! The service is quality and the cake shake is amazing ! The little brunette is so nice and helpful !
Great place to tan . Olivia is so nice and will help you out with whatever you need . Best tanning place I ' ve been to in Vegas .
Everything about this place is amazing ; food , service & macaroons ! Definitely recommend . Sadly not from the area otherwise would be here weekly
The Steak House here has an early bird special that is worth it ! $ 29 gets you a salad , a 6 oz . filet mignon or salmon , a huge baked potato and dessert .
Love the mint mixed drinks and other fun named drinks ! Dumplings are lovely as well as spicey tuna rolls and dragon rolls . Mmm ! GO THERE NOW !
This place is very clean and the décor is inviting . The sushi chef are more interactive when you sit at the bar . Very appropriate for a date night or any special occasion . Prices are comparable .
Was here the other night , had the best oysters I ' ve had in a long time . ( Pacific Plumps ) Will be back for more .
big up to corine . and the band was f * cking amazing . ! Got to hear DJ Jay Nice he fit a sweet NY flare . . . thank you !
Very good eats here ! On top of that the staff is courteous & attentive . We shall gladly return SOON
My husband and I loved this show . So funny and such talented performers ! 10 / 10 would recommend to anyone looking for something beyond a typical Las Vegas burlesque show
Jason and his partner were excellent . Arrived promptly on time , courteous and quick with the installation . I will definitely be using them again in the future .
Got the sweet and sour pork , and dry chow mein and was totally delicious ! Plus our waitress Mimi ( I believe was her name ) was super sweet and informative ! Definitely coming back soon ! !
Unfortunately , this business is now closed permanently .
Everything we ' ve ever gotten here as been absolutely delicious . The service is great , we ' ve never had to wait , and the food - oh , MY . to die for .
Super high quality food and the service was great . Very educated waiter . Can ' t wait to go back .
Great service . Very nice atmosphere . The magic ' shroom burger was fantastic ! And the ginger lemonade is awesome as well .
My husband has been coming to Cesars for his haircuts since we moved here from the East Coast . He ' s always satisfied with his cut from Cesar and Cesar always accommodates my husbands schedule by appointment .
My first time to try their Yellow Chicken Curry and it was so good ! ! ! I definitely will be a returning customer .
This place is very authentic . I sat at the bar and watched the cook - it was great . Recommended .
Wow ! Followed Yelp recommendations and it did not fail ! Excellent service and the food is great . Custom everything from tacos to burritos . You have to stop by this shop .
Very good place they have a great selection of stuff everything ' s so fresh and tasty I always love coming here it ' s worth it
Met some friends for dinner here and really liked it ! The place is adorable , the service and the food were pretty good also .
like there concept , expensive but i don ' t think overprice , testy and I realy like there Saki choices
These are the best sandwiches in Mesa . I ' ve never had a bad experience here and the food is always terrific .
This was a blast . Even though it was just my wife and I , it was still fun . This place is great for groups . It was hilarious ! Plus the food was great .
Great workouts ! Just bought their groupon for a one - month unlimited class deal and am expecting great results .
Love , love , loved this place . 6 happy hour appetizers down the gullet loved . Nice atmosphere , we had great service . I will definitely be back
This is the best sushi I have had in Toronto so far . Quality , price , presentation , selection - all great . Will be coming back and hopefully soon !
Amazing , first place I have found in the states that takes me back to my memories of Korea . So good I try to visit 3 times per week . Go Hobak !
Awesome dining experience ! ! The MC , Cesar , was a BLAST ! The waitstaff / dancers were so friendly and entertaining and the food was delish . Will definitely recommend to others !
Still an excellent choice to eat at . Great food , excellent quantities , very well priced . I go every time I come for conferences and conventions .
These guys are awesome . I got my truck fixed fast and right . I will always bring my vehicles to this location to get repairs and maintenance . Thank you Pep Boys .
Best burgers in town . Proud of them for switching back to their original concept in south end as I too thought it was cumbersome . Worth the premium prices !
BEST WINGS IN TOWN . . PERIOD . . Grilled Cajun Wings - are the best . I take my family here all the time . . My kids crave their wings . Love this place . .
I like the neo midcentury modern interior and the yogurt flavors are excellent . . . fresh toppings too .
Food was really good ! The service as well ! Had the bacon avocado omelette and it was delicious ! Great portions and fast . Menu was really big with a huge selection to satisfy everyone .
Good service , quick and cheap 240 to replace the windshield before tax , for Honda crz , long term will update to see if it keeps away the rain , initial quality is great ! ! !
Wonderful spot for some spicy noodle soup ! The spicy radish appetizer was really tasty as was the dumpling soup .
The guys are great and the service is good . They also have a nice waiting area and WiFi . I can keep working while my car is being serviced . Definitely recommend !
This is my first time here with a friend . Awesome fried mozzarella , terrific service ! Waitstaff is super friendly and service is fast ! ! Will definitely be back sooner than later !
Excellent atmosphere , food is amazing , service is on point and our server kevin was the blade
Nice selection of cigars . The owner Brad was very friendly and the place is very spacious yet has a cozy feel as well : ) Worth checking out .
Awesome bar , the food is delicious . My husband and I come often and enjoy it every time . The owner and staff are super cool ! !
Four peaks has the best beer in the north valley with great value . I recommend this place for any beer / foodie person around .
This place is absolutely amazing . The variety of teas is awesome . I go there twice a week to get my favorite boba milk tea ! Good going ! Keep it up !
So happy to see this place in my hood . Their almond croissant is too good for words and the service is always great . Cannot recommend enough .
Love this place ! Really friendly and very professional , not to mention the food . It ' s amazing ! ! !
Jimmy is who does my nails and he does them perfectly every time . He really pays attention to detail for the gel manicure and he is always in a good mood .
It ' s a cute little deli store that makes fresh salads , sandwiches , and soups . . . . and the best gazpacho I ' ve ever had .
Enjoyable dinner , reasonable prices with great food . If you like Italian food this is a must go ! Make a reservation !
Absolutely delicious ! This has plenty of heat and flavor without being overwhelming . The service was amazing , friendly and personable . I had the fried catfish with jambalaya rice and hush puppies . Definitely recommend !
Best halwa puri in town . Tried their Nihari as well was very good not the best in town . Their naan is also very well made .
The BEST salsa , hot sauce and chips hands down ! Isn ' t that why we go out for Mexican food ? They also serve delicious calabasitas but just call it their steamed vegetable .
Best Mexican place in Tempe . For the level of flavor you get for its price it can ' t be beat . Not to mention the variety of options and consistency every time you go .
Brought our rescue pup in for a ruptured cyst and they got us right in . They were super sympathetic and careful not to overstress the dog . Very pleased with the work of Dr . Stone !
Best breakfast in the area , without a question . Incredible home cooked meals . Good coffee . Was a pleasant surprise . Now we need to try it some evening !
Ashley and Amy are the sweetest . If you need to go to AA here ' s the place to go . Lol . Attentive with great personality !
Excellent service ! Great food and cocktails ! Definitely will go again and highly recommend ! YUM !
Excellent food and service at a reasonable price . We really enjoyed it and are looking forward to returning
Very hole in the wall , very good . Nice selection , we all got something different and no one was disappointed . Even bought a jar of green chile sauce for home ! !
Excellent ! ! ! Queso was outstanding . High grade tuna on the tacos . Tons of spice , tons of flavor ! Lives up to reviews !
So happy to have this location in Charlotte . . . centrally located in the Park Road Shopping Center . Just as good as the ones I remember from out of state
Clean restaurant . Minimal wait for service , and efficient serving . Friendly staff . Good food with good portions .
Righteos tacos . Chorizo ' s my favorite . Thai Peanut Chicken with Sweet Chili slaw is pretty awesome too . Whenever I am near the taco truck I cannot resist .
Great Hotel ! ! Everyone was Very Helpful and Friendly . I recommend this Hotel in Tempe AZ to anyone who wants a Clean and Safe hotel .
10 / 10 breakfast . One of the top breakfasts I ' ve ever had . Cute place . Great coffee . Great food . Good portion sizes . Worth it . Loved it .
Spendy , lengthy wait , but really excellent quality and great service . Worth it .
Best sushi in Las Vegas . Thanks to the cook . Thank you for the pleasant atmosphere . I ' ll get back to you yet : ) ) )
Great brunch spot , quick service , huge portions , and friendly staff . Just wished this chain was in Ontario , but we silk be back
Good place for take out ordering Size ratios have always been consistent meaning not too much rice more meat when ordering sushi rolls
Eve did my nails and she is amazing ! She is very warm and friendly ! She made sure my boyfriend and I were comfortable . I will definitely comeback !
The Red stew and the Sopapillas are the Best my wife and myself have ever had . Thanks for a great meal .
This is their second location in Las Vegas ! I been to the one in LA and this place is just as good !
New favorite Thai spot , the yellow curry is perfect . The rest of the menu looks delicious , can ' t wait to come back !
I am a bartender downtown and I was super impressed with Megan amd lexi . Lexi was an amazing food server and bartender . Definitely found my new place
Time for some shopping ! Love coming to this mall . Great place for my shopping needs as well as great stores . Many adjustments have been made and are making the mall better .
Wonderful place . Service is tremendous Couldn ' t ask for a more enjoyable bartender . Bill is the best . The beef brisket street taco can ' t be any better . Recommend it to everybody .
Amazing food and service . We had the steak and lobster . Amazing ! Even the green beans were awesome !
Delicious . I had the salmon & kale . It was as substantial as it was delicious . Great lunch place . Plenty of salad options .
Mango + Spice Crusted Tuna Steak just melts in your in your mouth .
Came randomly to this spot and it was a hit . We ended up getting bottle service and was just treated like royalty . Good vibes all around . Music was on point . Thanks guys
Deep fried deviled eggs ? ! Yes ! !
Very friendly , quick service , food was authentic and DELICIOUS ! ! ! We will be back ! Such a treat to have a place like this in AZ
First resto experience in Verdun , this is beyond my expectations ; ) nice view and friendly waiters . Love the mussels . Large portion for a fair price . Calamaris are also good .
Great place to get a pedicure . They have a special exfoliation treatment which is to die for and their prices are reasonable . Love coming here and getting spoiled a bit
The owners are incredibly nice . Delicious taro tea ! Only tried the non - specialty doughnuts which were tasty .
Love this restaurant food is just delicious . The thinly wrapped shrimp dumpling and veggie dumpling ! ! Nice steaming hot pork bun ! !
This place haven ' t disappointed me and there are awesome deals if you use the app . This location is very friendly and pizza is delicious .
What can I say that hasn ' t already been said ? If your any brand of nerd , this place is worth a stop . I especially enjoy the quarter machines that have the Domo figures .
Awesome . . . . Great food . . . Awesome neighborhood bar . . . . Fabulous ambiance . . . . Great parking . . . .
Food is very fresh and the customizable bowls and wraps give a very special experience !
Love this car wash . The price is right , the service is always good and the vacums actually work ( unusual for a car wash )
What ' s not to love about an Orchestra night at Roy Thompson . Just choose your seats wisely and if you ' re under 35 , enjoy the amazing discounts you ' re eligible for .
Been eating here since they opened , it ' s consistent and hands down best Indian cuisine in the greater PHX area . Their Gulab Jamun is to die for .
Great bar . Great food . Great prices . Great staff . Nice environment . Worth a visit . Two pool tables . Indoor and outdoor patio bar . Great place to go and watch the games .
Wonderful atmosphere and one of the best steaks I ' ve ever eaten . Highly recommend .
Nicole , Hannah , Laura the best ! One of a kind ! Great beer , great times ! Service was excellent and environment was great !
Great dog . My wife loves the vegan dig . We will return . The best was the steamed buns it made the dog superior .
Original recepies , fun friendly staff , convenient location , and option for delivery ! What ' s not to love ? !
It ' s the best pizza in vegas ! ! Love the sweet little donuts at the cashier . . . great place great food !
Top of the world . . tastiest yellow curry I have ever eaten . . . Kung pao chicken was out of the world too .
Excellent service . Sleep number beds were comfortable . Happy hour daily and complimentary breakfast . Thank you for the hospitality during my stay . Well be back again ! !
Very unique place . Dinner came with freshly made biscuit . The fried chicken was very good quality , not fried with old oil like most places . The mac and cheese and greens were very well balanced .
Salads are AMAZING ! I like that they are fresh when you order with so many options . Everyone is super friendly . I ' ve had wraps , subs and salads , never disappointed .
Absolutely stunning views and nice trails . Free parking , water fountains , and even doggie water fountains . This is a MUST - DO while in the Phoenix / Scottsdale area !
Loved , loved this place . This review is purely based on the food as the service was not good . The food however was pure flavor and absolutely worth going back for . YUM , YUM , YUM
Never had a problem here . Good prices . Good customer service . My go to spot for Dry Cleaning !
First time here . It was great . I had the trifecta boil bag with shrimp and it was awesome . Our server Alex was great also . I will definitely be going back .
OMG this place is amazing ! ! Private room for have with your friends and great service ! So happy to have a place like this in Cleveland will come back again ! !
these guys are awesome . in and out in no time , no appointment , no big price . great .
Great Korean - Japanese restaurant . We had the Bulgugi lunch ( $ 11 ) and kalbi lunch ( $ 13 ) and they were excellent .
In and out in 40 min . Awesome staff and more than fair prices . I got an oil change and will go back again if Im in the area and need one . A + . 5 stars
This place is Good for Healthy drinks . Came here before and sometimes after my workout at LA Fitness . Fantastic ! And the drinks taste really good ! ! !
Super speedy and friendly service from everyone despite there being a crazy line ! I particularly want to mention how sweet Brianna was . She ' s so awesome ! : )
Have eaten here multiple times . Have always had excellent prime rib , excellent service and very pleasant atmosphere . Would recommend highly .
Love Cherry Lash Lounge on Eastern . Jasmine is an excellent artist . My lashes always look great ! !
Great buffet ! Awesome selection of Indian Dishes . Their Garlic Naan is great . The Indian Tea is a great post - meal drink !
Soooo good ! Quiet , not busy , crab fried rice , red curry , and house saki - all amazing !
Maybe the best airport food you ' ll ever have . Is this really an airport ? I had the salmon which was perfectly cooked with fresh mashed potatoes and crispy green beans .
Place is clean and the stuff are friendly , price is reasonable . I love the tacos with chicken breast , always order : )
I want to thank to Ash - Lee , Christina , and everyone for a great service . I stayed here for a month and never had a problem here . I would stay here again : - )
Vintage Vegas at its best , friendly dealers and host , clean rooms and fair gambling , always a good time .
Had their version of Cuban . While I wouldn ' t really call it Cuban , it was one mean sandwich . Possibly the tastiest thing I ' ve eaten in a few months .
Delicious , cheap , and fast ! My only wish is that we would have found it sooner on our trip .
Best latte this Seattle - ite has had in Madison !
Faaaaantastic ! High quality f & c here , and amazing poutine too . Fresh ingredients , good service . . . ummm . . . nope , nothing bad to say !
It is after all a neighborhood coffee shop . As long as your expectations aren ' t of the Ritz , this place is perfect , reasonable , and friendly .
Fresh & Easy works for me anytime ! I get produce for my smoothies and other plant based dishes + I get bonus $ $ $ $
We love eating at Tyrst . Food is fresh and staff is friendly and prices are great ! They also do carry out . We have never been disappointed .
Delicious pita sandwich , amazing desserts and plenty of clearly labeled vegan options ! Lots of free parking .
Not only a great sushi but awesome prices for happy hour . Sunday and Monday they have a reverse happy hour from 8 till close .
The staff here is wonderful , Dr . Nguyen is the best ! Very knowledgeable and patient . My whole family sees her . I recommend !
Stopped in for lunch . Ordered the tuna sandwich and a cup of coffee . Sandwich was delicious . Good coffee . Great customer service .
I really love this place in the summer . . such a great patio and amazing food . The waitress was very nice and recommended great dishes . We had pizza and pasta and both were phenomenal .
Great place and honest cooking right in front of you .
Love both their shawarma and their gyros ! Fantastic desserts . The Mint Lemonade was very good , but pricey .
Fast . The guys Who took my order today where exceptionally nice ! ! ! Parking lots can be a tad bit overwhelming through
My favorite nail salon the entire stuff is amazing and friendly they go above and beyond to make sure you have a good experience
Delicious bagels Sometimes it requires a small wait but it ' s worth it
Big league tasty . Just tried the Crispy Ginger Beef and Manchurian Chicken xtra spicy . . Both were the best I ' ve had . Can ' t wait to go back .
Thin crust wood fired pizzas with fresh ingredients . The best pizza I ' ve had in a long time . Devoured the whole pie . Amazing .
Great burgers , fries and onion rings ! The drive thru is always slow , but the customer service makes up for it !
Had chicken shawarma wraps . Good size , really flavorful , and the staff were very friendly . Awesome place , and I will come back again to try their beef shawarma !
Perfect breakfast spot . Great food and customer service . . . When you make sure to leave room for German pancakes ( simply delicious ) .
Had the best time ever it was like dinner and entertainment all in one . Carlos was amazing he made sure everything was perfect . Next time I ' m in Vegas this is again a must do .
Great drinks and a fun time . Our server Meg was the highlight of the night - helpful , funny , and generally wonderful . She made the night a great one .
I ordered organic 3 eggs kale omelet . It was awesome . Great breakfast choice . I live dessert ridge for 2years and try this place first time . I will be back .
Great food , great drinks , great staff . I come here often with my fiancé , family , and friends and we always have a good time . Wings are the best in town !
They have the best value for all you can eat ! Which includes 2 dim sum items : ) They include pop in their price which alot of places charge extra for ! Best bang for your dinner buck
Great atmosphere , great service , great food - Looking forward to going back tomorrow ! !
Amazingly good food . The pitcher of the Cadillac margaritas is the way to go . Best Chile verde ever . Highly recommend this place .
I am completely obsessed with this food truck . The terriyaki tacos are to die for . This truck is a must try for sure !
Good food good service and made it at the exact time they said it would . And the delivery driver Derek was really nice ! I recommend this place to anyone !
Amazing Burgers . Amazing Fries . Amazing Ice Cream . Will eat again . Get the Master Burger and you won ' t be disappointed !
Visiting Las Vegas from New York and had a wonderful dining experience at Giada ' s thanks to Dave Szybalski ! He was very personable and recommended an excellent wine pairing with the lemon spaghetti .
The chia pudding was amazing - we had chia with coconut , pumpkin seeds and honey . We also got espresso with with cashew cream that was delicious .
Petite salle à manger qui créé une ambiance chaleureuse , avec une cuisine ouverte . Service très chouette . Et les plats . . . Ralalala C ' était parfait de bout en bout !
Toujours un bon service et d ' excellents plats !
Saturday brunch was amazing . We had mimosas along with Eggs Benedict and chicken & waffles . Everything was fairly priced , tasted great and the service was on point to boot .
Love this place ! Best pho ever and the spring rolls are always fresh , excellent customer service I will recommend it to anyone
Very clean environment full of great food choice ! A must stop past the many selections on spring mountain .
Best breakfast place in town hands down . You may have to wait 10 - 15 min max but is entirely worth the wait .
Excellent place to go to eat and drink . You can eat inside or outside . We got the ribs and ended up taking half home . You won ' t leave hungry .
Favorite Asian Fusion place Korean Steam buns are awesome Sushi is awesome Both master chefs are also very cool
Breakfast here is to die for . Their bacon avocado eggs benedict is like the best thing I ' ve ever eaten .
This is a great place with reasonable prices . Lindsay is very professional and very sweet . I ' m so happy I found this place : )
Cute , funky spot with great , authentic Japanese food !
Awesome service and great food . . came with a group of 20 and not one complaint . . good selection of sushi rolls and drinks !
Love to eat at the Char - Grill for lunch ! It ' s a " go to " place . Lots of options , cool atmosphere , great food .
Awesome breakfast place ! Great healthy way to start your day ! Breakfast burrito is awesome . Enjoy a great cappuccino as well . I love their vegan ice creams !
I have ordered several times from them and they always have amazing food . Love that they deliver .
Third time and we received amazing service sushi was fresh . Definitely coming back to this restaurant
Good ribs fast service had good prices on happy hr drinks waitress was very attentive nice place free good bread and peanuts would recommend this to any family or date : - )
The team did a great job during my move ! They were polite , funny , & efficient . They made my move so much easier . Highly recommended
No 1 waitress is numero uno ! Great service . Thank you Jeannie Nuna . Food was delicious .
Finally an authentic Chinese restaurant ! Delicious ! I had a tofu dish that was incredible . My kids liked their entrees too . We will be back soon .
The pork chops where cooked to perfection No waiting to be seated . Jason was a great server . I Will definitely come back again
Ariel was great ! Fast , attentive , polite ! Great service ! Although the restaurant was busy , she was available if we needed anything .
Attention all sour cream lovers , If you ask extra they really hook you up . Also service was great margaritas good . They have lots of deals . So great !
Aaron is an amazing tattoo artist ! My friend got her tattoo here and he is calm and collective . Great location , amazing space . Very cool and comfortable parlor with guest to sit and watch .
Great coffee and inexpensive quality food . This is a great , relaxing place to kill a little time in downtown Phoenix . Only complaint is that parking is poor .
Great food ! The tequila cocktails are natural tasting and aren ' t made with cheap sour mix . The Torta was outstanding .
Was on vacay and it was so good we are here twice ! The little shop in the restaurant has amazing treats including gluten free baked goods . Breakfast was incredible with gluten free choices and delicious coffee .
I love Joe ' s farm grill ! The food is delicious and the atmosphere is fun . It ' s nice to walk around the farm after eating too .
This is our go to local bar , love the place . Really great vibe and the decor is unique and fascinating . One of the best bars in Kensington !
They are awesome especially Cassie , Tori , Sam we met while in training . Jordan and the list goes on and on .
great bobo tea here ! ! and you can even buy Tron crypto !
Los Molcajetes is wonderful we had an event catered and everything was amazing ! ! We all love the food and the flavor of home !
I asked for a deep tissue neck and shoulder massage , and that ' s exactly what I got . Stephanie was wonderful .
Dom is a great Tech and was very knowledgeable . He made sure we weren ' t screwed by any other companies that over quoted us $ 500 ! Awesome local company with awesome employees
Never disappoints ! Trifecta can you say yum ! ! ! # GetInMyBelly great service too ! Love the new location ! ! !
Best dogs west of the Mississippi ! ! All beef chargrilled with their house made hot sauce . Damn mouth is watering might have to go there and get 2 more .
I got the hummus chicken pizza , it was delicious . Substituted the jalapeño hummus and it was really good . Very friendly owner and great food .
This target ha pretty much everything one would need at a good o ' le Target . I always pop in here when I am in need of something while in the Henderson area . Starbucks a plus .
Always good ! ! Go there at least once a week my favorite spot for having dimsum n hanging out with my family ! . .
Great food , service and clean . Favorite for breakfast . Coffee keeps coming without asking . Food delivered hot .
Seriously the bomb - est pizza and baked ziti . I usually expect really generic pizza from these Italian take - out places but this place is quality ! !
Great food and service ! Stuck at the airport , this restaurant made it much easier to cope . Yummy Irish coffee . Fresh food , made to order . Thanks John
Super amazing food and reasonably priced ! The food here is authentic and full of flavor ! The portions are huge and the people nice ! Falafel and humus here are the real deal !
LOVED it here ! Great service ( well except the greeting hostess ) , food was excellent , drinks were excellent and everything locally grown and sourced . Mmhhh
Jesse is awesome ! Very helpful ! EOS is a great gym if anyone in the area is looking to make the switch : )
Always have to stop by when visiting Las Vegas . The most authentic halal Pakistani food outside Chicago that is available in US ! ! ! ! Make sure to try their beef Nihari and chicken tikka ! !
The filet was perfect . The wine , service and ambiance was perfect ! ! We will definitely return on our annual visit to Vegas ! !
Excellent had the combination vermicelli . Service is fast and polite . Nice cozy feel .
Absolutely delicious ! I consider this the best Izakaya Japanese food restaurant in Toronto
Our waitress McKenna was amazing and had a wonderful sunny demenor . With her help , we had a great experience . ; - )
My husband LOVES this place . I am going for the 1st time today , since it ' s Ladies free on Tuesdays . We ' ll see how it goes . Soooo excited .
Steven was a great waiter for us . Great food here for a family wedding would recommend for lunch . Going to try and come back for dinner before we go back to the Northeast .
Dr Kikelomo was awesome ! She made the awkward " annual check up " super quick and easy . So happy i found her !
A bit on the pricey side but very good ! If you ' re looking for a quiet but fun atmosphere , this is a cute little place .
Very nice facility and atmosphere . Staff is very friendly . Have been going there for several months . Very happy with everything .
Super delicious with that variety . My kids love the broker leaving soon ! Service was friendly and the place was clean . We will deathly come here again .
Excellent Pizza and service . The more you eat , the more you want . Dominic gives great beer suggestions too . Relaxed atmosphere .
Close your eyes point one of meal on menu and choose it , you won ' t be disappointed . Hot , spicy , sweet anything you want , you will find here with quality and good service .
The whole crew here have been very helpful - especially Rich on the service team ! Awesome family owned company that will truly take care of all your needs !
Wonder food and service from waitress , THresa ! ! . . . Family of four enjoyed a variety of dishes ! !
Good foot spa does a very nice job . They are very friendly and it is very comfortable . I would recommend it to anybody . take the time to try it out .
Love this place - talented and creative stylists . Also love the unique jewelry and bunny blankets
They were excellent ! Perfect nails and pedicure . Even my husband decided to get a pedicure . Very nice people . I couldn ' t have ask for better .
The 3223 location was very clean , we were attended immediately , Bindu did an amazing job on our eyebrows . 10 / 10 would recommend
Great Resturant ! Nice atmosphere really tasty food and great service . Highly recommended .
This place does not disappoint . The service wasn ' t that great , but the food is AMAZING . My husband and I had the Pad Se Ew and mango sticky rice . It was fantastic .
Got a pedicure here . Staffs are very friendly and professional . The salon is clean and beautiful .
Great staff for ALL shifts ! Friendly nice service and the crew working here will always put a smile on your face .
Off the strip and very clean , never crowded . This place is great and there is a play center to leave the kids at if you want . Also an arcade for the older kids .
We had great service and good food . . I spoke to the manager to make sure he received the good feedback . Looking forward to a return visit .
excellent service ! will recommend anyone who needs tints in vegas to this place and price is good and it was really fast !
I love this place , especially for a hearty breakfast . I have several dietary restrictions , and they are always very accommodating . The food is delicious , and the price is unbeatable .
One thing I will miss when I leave Charlotte ( unfortunately this may occur later this year ) is Nikki ' s haircut . Lightning fast , always right , fun conversation and lovely decor of the shop .
Always enjoy the sushi and food here ! Great sushi chefs - make my special Spicy Shrimp Tempura Roll .
Great deal on F150 . Tess & John were great to work with . They have my vote . They went the extra mile to make the deal .
I love this spa ! It is fantastic . Francesca and Barb are very professional . The atmosphere is classy & clean . They ' ve got a client for life !
Delicious food and a really comfortable environment . Affordable and friendly service .
They were friendly , helped with my need for quick process service and even had a form on hand that I forgot to send them . Would definitely recommend this company !
The pancakes here are amazing . Service is good . Seating area is small so there is usually a wait to be seated . Prices are very reasonable too .
I love Handels . The ice cream is great , rich and creamy , and I love all the flavors , though sometimes they get a little weird .
Lovely store and friendly . I went in to replace some watch batteries , and they got them done very quickly , and cheaper than the jewelry fix place in the mall !
Nice Thai place right by where I live . Food is good . Not the best , but pretty good ( :
Great neighborhood bike store with helpful staff and a great repair team . Bike sales here are very fairly priced as well .
I ' m always scared to try a new Chinese place . This place has the best Teriyaki chicken is the bomb ! ! Amazing service and very clean .
Thought we ' d try something new ! What a find ! GREAT burgers . . . cooked to perfection . Great service ! Just a tad pricey but overall , AWESOME ! ! !
Excellent food , bartenders are always awesome and make me my favorite beer / margarita drink . Only thing management needs to do is get a new / bigger Margarita machine .
Definitely an awesome choice ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! by far one of my favorite restaurants in Noda . Everyone needs to experience Cabo Fish taco sometime .
Summer time is amazing . The seafood dishes are good , especially the cod .
I have been going here for oil changes for around 4 years . Great service , friendly employees and comfortable waiting area . No issues and no negative experiences here .
Great and reliable company . Very helpful and knowledgeable staff treating customers with respect and give fair prices for their customers . You ' ve earned my business for sure .
This truly authentic Persian food , Warm friendly staff and excellent food . Very reasonably priced for the quality and portion size , I would highly recommend .
Toujours un plaisir de se balader au bord de l ' eau surtout par beau temps et essayez la crémerie su canal sur St Patrick portions très généreuses ! !
Awesome atmosphere , great service , great prices , and most important of all GREAT FOOD . It can be crowded during peak hours but certainly worth the wait . The Wood Fired pizzas are highly recommended .
This place is amazing ! The people are brilliant ! The food is gorgeous ! Definitely going back !
Great experience , great customer service . Made buying a car very easy and quick made sure I was happy when I ' m buying my next car I will be back thank you for treating me so good
Made to order buffet . The food is amazing . Will definitely frequent this place . The Nissan Roll and unagi is fantastic .
Had an awesome time ! Sean was the best ! ! ! Went on tour of freemont street and surrounding areas ! Was so much fun and the highlight of our trip !
It ' s one of the best place to eat Mediterranean food and spend time with friends . They also have an outdoor hookah lounge and it was awesome with authentic eastern environment .
Service is great , drinks are delicious Bought Taro Milk tea and herb jello milk tea ! ! ' n
This is a great place , and the verity of services / goods offered makes this the ideal choice for all of our pets needs . Five stars ! ! !
INCREDIBLE service ! Lisa was incredible ! Kyam was really cool and helpful too ! Very personable and helpful staff , and fresh and delicious food ! Five stars , all day long !
Great food and craft cocktails . Make sure you try the mezcal sour and the under construction . Will definitely visit again when I am back in town . Wish they had a Kaya location in Philly !
Hands down S ' mores Sumdae is the best ever . Next time I Want another marshmallow on it because it was so good ! Brother in law got triple play sundae . Love this place .
Awesome poke bowl , super fresh tuna ! The food is always delicious and the staff is super friendly ! Mahalo !
I liked this place . Good prices , friendly staff , great food and large portions . I ' d go back .
Hands down best Korean BBQ place . I crave this place when I go home . A set for two will be about 60 and a set for 4 will be about 100 . They have or all
Best pedicures in AZ . Mary does a spectacular job every time . I go 2 - 3x a month . Always pleased . Everyone is professional and nice
My new favorite ! The food and service was both amazing . Some of the best wings I have ever had ! This is my new local go to !
Real gym for people who love to lift . Lots of equipment and variety of ways to workout .
Amazing coffee shop w / perfect atmosphere and space . Came for the coffee and now a regular after having their banh mi . Also breakfast sandwich is on point . Love this place .
just simple . . . Good . . . . Food . . . : ) just had the Firebird Chicken sandwich . . . . . pretty good . . . starting a pork and beef free lifestyle
Rotisserie chicken and prime rib is excellent . It is a must . Plus they have pretty good selection of wine
Excellent beer bar and not to mention my friend and I were allowed inside to catch the last of Dr . Dog ' s set . What a chill place .
Super yummy ; good service not rushed . Huge portions . Will def come here again . Combo and katsubchicken are good
My all time favorite spot to get my juices ! If they don ' t got it they will order it for you ! : )
This crew are absolutely awesome , they are running a real " restoration hand car wash " , ask for Francisco . Look at my 12 years old Subaru ! ! No question ask
Stopped by randomly and am super glad we did ! Amazing food ! Best sushi we ' ve had in Vegas and our server Alice was amazing . Will be back !
I love the food there and the people who work there are friendly . The tikka masala bowl is awesome and filling
This unique spot is a great go to for delicious homemade food . Family owned and operated . They always greet you with a smile and make you feel like family .
One of my favorite places to eat with friends . Great light meal where everything is just right .
Love eating at this place . The food is consistently great and the people who work here are always so nice and welcoming . One of my favorite spots in AZ
Very good food this restaurant have chicken Biryani and beef nihari tha all food is very delicious and the customer service was great and friendly . . love this place always . . . highly recommend for Indian foods
All I can say is get the " TRAIN WRECK " . Add the homemade relish on it . Enough said .
Love this place ! ! Fast service and always friendly . High quality sushi with a lot if variety . I got the love boat for 2people and it was a lot of good ! Perfect for sharing .
Fantastic teas and super friendly staff . It ' s definitely my favorite place to go for tea or coffee .
They can fix almost anything & when they cannot , at least they tell you about it . Their hours of operation are very generous , & they are open on Sundays
Used to be my favorite but it ' s kinda pricey . . : ( But still have the good taste remembered in my memory .
This place is amazing . Come for the groceries you can ' t find anywhere else , stay for the soup & papaya salad .
We had an amazing time . Food was absolutely amazing and service was perfect . What a great place ! Try their Poutine !
Quality selection of meats . I crave this restaurant !
Really , Cheffini ' s needs to stop with their CRUNCHY DOG ! It ' s so yummy . Messy & Yummy !
This place is sooo good ! Im from Arizona , cant find nothing similar to it ! Best i ever had ! !
One of my Scottsdale faves . Been coming here for 20 years . Consistently good . The Thai combo starter is excellent , and the the crispy basil chicken is great . Excellent service .
Awesom Korean BBQ for a great price ! We initially went because it was within walking distance to HRH but went back again during our stay because we couldn ' t get enough .
This restaurant is not closed . Thank goodness ! ! ! ! It ' s quick and very good . Still attached to Humpty ' s which is a bit weird .
Went to bunt cakes and was totally surprised it was excellent the cake was extremely moist had chocolate chip and cinnamon , and red velvet they were all excellent I would definitely recommend it to family and friends
Always comes through with my marketing materials for my business . Ray is a stand up guy ! Cheap and quality products .
Food was Delicious ! Came for brunch and the eggs Bennie and chicken and waffles were amazing ! Our last meal before leaving Toronto didn ' t disappoint !
EXCELLENT JOB LOTUS DELI ! We had the Paneer Butter Masala combo & mango lassi everything was delicious ! Super fresh quality & so convenient inside the market . So excited for this treat in our neighborhood
Been there once , braved the - 20s and went there again after 2 days , and again after 3 hours . Absolutely the best cream puffs I ' ve had ! The chocolate fillings are just awesome !
Great food , great staff . Pleasant atmosphere . A diamond in the rough . Curried Singapore noodles a must !
This place is awesome enjoyed a few drafts ! Got taken care of katelynn ! I will be back !
I use Cobblestone for oil changes and car washes . Their service in both areas has always been prompt , professional , affordable and courteous .
This place is delicious ! ! The only thing that I recommend is to have rice paper and radishes for the meats . Great experience for the whole family .
Awesome choice of meats ! Favorite place for either lunch or dinner . AYCE ! ! ! Bring it ! ! !
The best ramen in town . love it very much . for this new location too
Best Italian cuisine I ' ve had in a while ! ! Service is excellent ! Portions are large !
Cheap drinks friendly staff awesome food and pool for 75 cents you cant beat it also open 24 hours ! So much fun . Music sucks sometimes but they have a pretty good varity
This place is without a doubt best bang for your Canadian dollar places to get seafood .
Great tasting breakfast that ' s reasonably priced and close to the strip . So good that we came back two days in a row . Really loved the salmon Benedict and their pancakes .
Great place for an laid back evening . They have fantastic Wine tastings and the food is amazing . Sitting out on the deck enjoying the views along with food and wine make for the perfect evening !
Fresh donuts . good maple donut ! Nice and soft . i bought a dozen donuts for the office . They ' re are a fair price . I will definitely go back
What a fun atmosphere ! Dogs allowed , tours offered , shuffleboard available , great place to bring friends with board games ! Recommend the cider flights
AMAZING , food is really good and priced fair for the portions . A hidden gem at downtown Las Vegas .
The hospitality is amazing felt like I was visiting a close friend ! Brisket is one of the best I ' ve had arguably the best bbq in downtown hands down
The tasting menu is unbelievable . Lot of foods . Pace yourself as the waiter suggested . Good advice . The price is reasonable . Great ambiance . What could you ask for more .
This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas . Great French cuisine . The pate is fantastic . Salads are also wonderful .
Prompt , courteous and knowledgeable , the are people at CLW are professionals in every sense of the word . They have earned my business for as long as I live in Scottsdale .
Bomb ! My food was too spicy but my fault . If your spice level capacity ends at hot cheetos , level 4 is too spicy . Could not stop eating the food though . Fire !
Locally owned and operated , casual dining restaurant that is great for a business lunch or a family dinner . Awesome fresh , fast power lunches !
Big Black time ! Eatable treats ( sweat ) tickets too thicc on money , can ' t eat steak no more . Dream raiders is best game , very satisfying vibration . 5 Stars
It ' s nice to have some real local food . We always call in our order . They ' re on top of things here . It ' s always ready and fresh .
Even better since the renovations . Beautiful design , and easier to navigate . There is always something here that will be of interest to someone . Will need to go back soon .
A nice restaurant with tradition Chinese foods You have to try the Spicy chicken ( with bones )
delicious , quick service and delicious food ( the homestyle fries and poutine have my heart )
Grate coffee and sandwiches and all my visits are amazing and friendly environment . People working are nice and helpful too
The gym is nice I like the tanning . Jason is super nice and attentive . The new guy Nick is also very helpful .
Love smash burger ! Great rosemary and garlic fries ! Friendly and fast but oh so good !
Damn hot blonde bartenders i ' m talking about hot damn blonde bartenders it ' s Big league time here
AMAZING ! ! Best caramel macchiato I ' ve ever had and my mom said the same about her chai . We also had a muffin and crumb cake both were very fresh and not overly sweet .
I love this lil quaint coffee shop ! ! They bake and make all there good in site coffee is good to ! ! Staff is great . . Would be even better of they served eggs but hey
The service is knowledgeable and prompt . I ordered their ( signature ) massaman beef curry with coconut sticky rice and a Thai iced coffee . It was delicious and all the ingredients are fresh .
As people from Hunan , it is very traditional Hunan dishes , can be a little bit spicy , but each dishes we had , were goooood !
Yum ! Croissants rock . The latte was yummy & beautiful . Great atmosphere for breakfast .
It is a good one . # 14 is good and also the spring rolls . The broth ishave lots of falvor and trip , meatballs and meat are tender . I will recomend this place for lunch .
We LOVE Taxco ! The best Sopa De Pollo ever and excellent staff ! Highly Recommend !
My favorite Indian restaurant in Charlotte . Take - out is prepared quickly and is still piping hot by the time you get home . Always add the naan .
Bangers and Mash . Awesome . Excellent craft beers and outstanding beer knowledge exhibited by barkeep , Chase . I ' m coming back on my next trip to Vegas !
Came in unable to walk due to neuromas in both feet about 2 months ago , and today I am walking nearly pain free . Dr . Freeze and staff have been great !
Tried the brat and the Colombian hot dog . Well worth it . Friendly atmosphere and great food .
Dr . Levin was incredible and so empathetic . He understood my concerns and really helped me feel comfortable with dentist . Thank you , Dr . Levin and all the staff .
The very best margaritas and guacamole in Vegas ! Loved it ! First time here , will definitely be back !
Great fast service . Truffle mac n cheese , bison chill and fish tacos were delicious ! Mac n cheese being the favourite . Will Be back !
Bagels were amazing and you can buy mini cream cheeses . Unfortunately they do not do bagel sandwiches here but sell lox separately
Delicious cupcakes and ice cream . The customer service was great , too . My daughter and I will definitely be back !
Excellent food , good service , nice featured items . Only problem ? They need more tables : - ) .
On Point everytime ! Meat galore plus hard working staff
Thanks to Sheldon for taking extra time to help me out with my unique request , even on his day off ! I ' ll definitely be calling him again for my plant - related needs .
A great shop . Knowledgeable staff . Good prices . It can ' t get much better than that .
I absolutely love this place dr . peraza is great and the staff is amazing I also love the face treatment they have to offer
This was a great sushi place . . . the rolls are named by state the sashimi was fresh edamame was delicious . They were fast and good service will be nack
For sure this is the best bar in town . Try the Moscow Mule . Then try another Moscow Mule . Great decor . Great staff . What more do u need ?
The restaurant manager Scott went above and beyond for us . Highly recommend the pizza dessert with Nutella and ice cream , the flower decor is impeccable , vibrant colors throughput the restaurant , beautiful ambiance !
Mm . . mmm . . . yummy . Simply the best . Nice place , amazing food . Friendly staff . Lots of parking available
Went for my exam earlier and everyone was very friendly and helpful . Can ' t wait to get my new glasses
Awesome trampoline park ! Lots of different activities to choose from . Had the place to ourselves . Justin was awesome ! He assured we had a great time and stayed safe .
Fastest best place in town ! Dr . Kevin and all the staff are great ! In and out and always great advice !
The staff accommodated our party of 30 wonderfully on a very busy Friday night . And the food was awesome ! Would definitely go back again !
We tried the kimchi beef sandwich and the pho beef banh mi and both were delicious . Fries were excellent as well . Great atmosphere and friendly staff . Definitely will be going back soon !
Never had better . Brisket and wings were spectacular . Great beer matches for all the BBQ here . Unpretentious , friendly environment with staff and customers to match .
Best Chinese in the Carolinas ! Make sure to try some of the authentic dishes and don ' t get bogged down with Americanized Chinese food .
Always one of our favorite date places . Honey soy salmon and bbq mahimahi are on point ! Seasonal jalapeño cheddar mashed potatoes were good , I would rather have fresh jalapeños over pickled , but still good .
Great restaurant serving northern Chinese cuisine in Chinatown . I recommend any dish that involves the thick , housemade , hand - stretched noodles .
My doggies always come back safe and well - groomed . I have never had any issues , just kind friendly staff !
best brunch I have ever had pastries yummy lobster benedict had so much fresh lobster wife had chicken and waffles which was also delicious rest of our party enjoyed their dishes
Best flight physical in the nation . And I ' ve been to a lot of flight surgeons before and Walt and Patty are the best ! : )
This place is amazing the food and service are incredible ! Definitely will be back next time I ' m in Cleveland .
Great sushi at an affordable price ! Been coming here for two years now and it ' s amazing !
great shop ! friendly & knowledgeable staff , and awesome selection of rabbit food & treats !
Great for a quick dinner with the family . Good food and reasonable prices . Very friendly service too . Will be back soon
Cobb salad was fantastic . Lemon poppy - seed pancakes delicious and unbelievably fluffy . Good price point for value . Nice service . Looking forward to my next visit !
Great place . Nice interior and good staff . The food was pretty good and they have good drinks . Not much more you can ask of a bar .
I have been to this place few times . The service is always great , the waiters are very friendly and dessert is to die for . You gonna love whatever you order
Great pizzas ! Try the veggie or buffalo chicken pizza .
OMG her stuff is so good . I got a cherry pie and lemon curd cupcake . Best GF sweets I have ever had . She really cares about the safety of your health . Highly recommend .
Yummmm ! My husband and I shared a Caesar salad and a BBQ chicken pizza ( medium size but it was HUGE ! ) and everything was delicious ! Definitely worth a try !
Great product , great service , amazing jewelry ! You won ' t regret buying her designs .
This place has the best sushi in Vegas . They now have a happy hour menu ! The little Asian bartender is the best .
Very good breakfast . Waitress was excellent . We ' re just passing through but wish this place was near home . Would go there often .
I ' ve used their services over the past year and I ' m very happy . Grooming , nail clipping , great food choices . Very friendly and caring . Good customer loyalty perks .
This was one of our best Melting Pot experiences . The food was excellent , and the service was great .
This place is the best jack in he box ever . Kendra was so friendly and kind . The rest of the employees should strive to be as professional and fun as she is ! ! !
The food is out of this world ! The combos were awesome , great job guys ! Keep it up and good luck
Great food - - nice and hot ! Wonderfully courteous and efficient employees . Very satisfied with purchase of a dinner . All fresh and delicious .
Ordered all the happy hour tasty bites and a Meatball sub . The food was amazing ! All very fresh . Will be back ! !
We loved this place ! ! Sushi was fresh and it was all we could eat ! ! Service was exceptional . Can there be such a thing as too exceptional ?
Called to enquire about getting tv fixed . The service person Rod , provided some trouble shooting tips which solved my problem . He lost a service call but i will try them again due to their sincerity .
Had a GREAT experience here . My gel mani / pedi turned out great and the ladies are all so amazing . I will definitely be back .
Best carpet cleaning services . . . ever ! They do amazing job and the price is just right on point . They are easy to communicate and reliable .
Fresh food , great taste , clean establishment . Delicious taste . Lamb souvlaki , pork yeero on a pita bread . Yum ! ! Will return again .
The first time having American brunch . I ordered Buckwheat pancake served with eggs and sausage . The pancake is really delicious . I love the food！
Great chewiness for a neapolitan styled pizza . The tiramisu is a little small but it compensated with flavour .
Always well kept and clean during the 51 ' s games . Staff is normally very polite . great atmosphere !
They give you a ton of food . Omg . It ' s the BEST ! I go here twice a month ! I get the Caniac and then save half for later .
Bento box is fantastic . My wife loved the teriyaki chicken . California roll was great . Crunchy pot stockers . Yummy orange dessert !
I love this place ! They always have the best country food and the service is always good .
Amazing amazing amazing . Had the jerked chicken poutine . So good . Would come back here in a heartbeat .
What a cute place ! They serve ice cream on yummy fresh waffles with toppings a great treat for the kids my daughter loves it ! !
Michelle is fantastic . I had a home bleaching nightmare and she got me right in and fixed my hair perfectly !
Best place for oil change and more moved across town and still make the drive over here . Oil change includes tire rotation and exterior car wash . Great customer service and quick
There has never been a time where I regret standing in the massive line to get my jumbo burger .
Mc Kenna is amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! We had the most amazing time ! ! ! ! So fun and really great to look at ! ! !
So much fun ! Had a great time ! A cool place to try something different ! Could knife throwing be the new bowling ?
Met my husband for lunch here to have what he says the BEST sandwich ever ! The open face steak sandwich . I had the Stetson chopped salad . Fabulous ! ! ! ! !
Love this place for what it is . . Seedy yes , Cheap . . Yes but its the low end of vegas . seen a young kid win 5k here . .
It was a great lunch place ! Not a lot of people great service good sized sushi and so good ! ! !
super good . you guys have to visit here , and taste high quality korean bbq . I ' ll give you five stars
Bacon night was fabulous . I will be back for more . Also we had great service with Paul the service guy , well definitely be returning !
Their AYCE deal is such a good find ! So many options and we weren ' t disappointed with any of them . Our favorite dish was the ocean trout nigiri with garlic ponzu . Soooo delicious .
Truvape is probably one of the best vape shops I ' ve been to in Vegas . Always have the stuff I need for my mod and all the flavors I like in stock .
Great place to train . Intimate friendly setting . Trainers very knowledgeable with unique and years of experience . Great place to live your fitness dreams ! Carolyn V
Again , I wasn ' t disappointed . We have been back here at least 6 times . The food is consistently great . No surprises . Just great flavors , excellent service and a comfortable atmosphere
Loved it ! ! Great panini and coffee . Also their chocolate chip & pecan cookie was to die for !
My favorite breakfast so far in Montreal . Food was serve quick and tasty ! ! ! 10 / 10 would recommend to a friend to try it
The team went above and beyond to accommodate me . I had an excellent experience & highly recommended them !
Great service and the food and drinks on point ! The restrooms could be fixed up a little but worth going ! Enjoy
So tonight was my first time at this awesome place . . . the food is something unexpected and VERY DELICIOUS . The service is 1st class , the atmosphere just right .
Omg I love the Hokkaido milk tea ! Friendly staffs ! They ' ll tell you to test out your drink . If you don ' t like it , they ' ll fix it : D
Stopped in at random while seeing Fremont Street . . . steak & fries was awesome . Great customer service .
Exceptional food choices . Quick Service . Great waitress . Wish there was more around town but well worth the drive .
Quick to return phone calls and schedule appointments . Honest , helpful and friendly ! ! - Erin , Gilbert Az .
The food is always great ! Have had the drunken noodle and pad Thai . Service is always very friendly .
Best sushi love the popcorn lobster and Philadelphia role . Been here 3 days in a row love it
A super interior space . Great coffee . Unusual food that is fun to eat . My girlfriend and I have found a new favorite work space !
a hidden gem ! everything was spot on : the sun dried tomato omelette , the crepes , the americano . . . and don ' t forget the service . everyone was so nice and helpful
Great lunch buffet lots and lots of great food Asian Mexican and American food with tons of desserts great working staff and service
Excellent déjeuner . J ai commandé le classique du passé composé et les oeufs ainsi que les viandes étaient cuits à la perfection . Bravo pour cette généreuse assiette !
Great mexican , nothing fancy , lots of specialty dishes , awesome value , and just holy cow tastiliciousness
This place was great ! Sushi was delicious and fresh , prices are good , and the service was very good as well . Will definitely be returning for some all you can eat sushi during the day .
Really enjoyed the food here . The Marv ' s club is a big sandwich and has great flavor . Can ' t wait to try more of their menu . Definitely recommend for a healthier option .
Soo freakin ' happy that they are back ! Teas are great . Banh canh is delicious . Seafood boil sauce is the best in Charlotte .
Great local pizza place . Had Sals pizza special . Generous portions of ingredients . Relaxing ambiance . Delish !
Great service , great food , great drinks , great atmosphere . So glad I came here for lunch on a business trip . I had the turkey poblano sloppy joe - it was awesome !
Fantastic food and service . Handled are large party amazingly well . Would definitely go back !
This is a great new place . So friendly ! They are going to add some great things to the menu like Acai bowls . . loved the avocado toast and breakfast sandwich . Give it a try !
Very delicious pizza , nice atmosphere . Definitely should try pizza florentine .
Food was delicious , service was friendly , great little pizza place . Will happily return next time we are in town visiting ! Really recommend the cheesy passion bread and the white pizza !
Have gotten carry out a few times and it is awesome ! You need a huge bowl to assemble everything they give you for a regular size bowl of pho ! More than one meal worth
The guy at the door tonight was very sweet and called us all by name . Our waitress hannah was very patient and friendly .
Loved the food , friendly helpful service and excellent timing on the delivery ! I definitely will order again .
We needed a quick fix done in our back yard - Nick and his team were able to resolve the issue swiftly without much complication . They were knowledgeable and friendly . Would DEFINITELY recommend .
I ' ve been here twice so far and highly recommend it ! Great place for a retreat , meditation and Spiritual cleansing . Terrific grounds and facilities ! Solid !
Great food and service ! Loved it ! It ' s super fun to cook your own food . The meat was delicious and the kimchee was awesome ! We will come again !
Parking was easy , the line was quick , the food was fresh and the staff was friendly ! I recommend if you have the craving for Chinese and want it quick !
Food was good and delicious , not too much vegetables and have enough tasty marinated well meat . Service was fast . Price is reasonable . Will definitely come back .
Great neighborhood bar , great drinks , service . And the food is good too ! Great payouts , abd always a laid back good time .
Come for the great and cheap lunch menu they have , great tasting food , Super friendly vibe and great amount of food for a cheap price .
I loved it ! I payed a decent price for one nigh . I will defiently have to come back . The rooms were super clean and the girls at the front desk were helpful and polite .
Love the atmosphere and coziness of this place . Went here about 4 times for massages which were fantastic .
Nice stop for me and the kids after soccer practice at sunset park . Yelp deal made us stop and the kids loved the beef kabobs and rice .
Definitely a hole in the wall place ( my favorite kind ) . Search for it , find it , enjoy it ; you won ' t regret it .
Reopened under new ownership . Nice upgrades and very clean . Staff was very friendly and offered their recommendations . Food was delicious and priced well .
Amazing sandwiches ! ! ! ! Amazing selection Awesome cookie Recommend this place guys
Sooooo good . Every time I come here I feel like I ' m in heaven . From the pork belly to the boneless beef everything is delicious ! Best Korean BBQ I ' ve been to so far
Best dosa ever . Bisibele bath is my favorite . They make yummy cakes too . Good service with reasonable price . Definitely recommend .
Mother said don ' t talk with your mouth full . Too Bad ! This Brisket is AWESOME ! ! Melts in your mouth . The sides are fabulous and the staff makes you feel welcome .
I recently need help with a battery for my 11 Enclave and Greg ( the new guy ) was extremely helpful . I will definitely be going back the next time I need a part .
Excellent ! Service and product are on point . If you love matcha and dessert you will love it here .
We order from there at least once a week . Food is very good , my daughter likes their gyros . We normally get their hoagie special or pizza .
One of the best locations in vegas , always fast , hot , people here actually care , and this location makes me enjoy eating robertos often !
Best taro milk tea EVER . hands down . If I lived in Vegas , I would drink it every day .
Excellent service every time ! Very happy with cleaning and alteration services . Highly recommended !
Yummy food and a good price ! Very pleased with the quality of my food and will certainly plan to return . Glad to find a good quick and casual Chinese spot !
Best cheese enchiladas around . The service is amazing . The food is great and they treat your like the only guests
In my opinion , the best Thai food in Arizona . Chicken pad Thai is the way to go . Seriously the best ! Don ' t go anywhere else then here .
Bell Lexus has a great service department and thanks to Gary all my service needs were completed with excellence .
Best Tea / Boba Place ! ( and trust me I have been to many ) . I try a different drink every time and they are all so good !
Awesome staff and reasonably priced plus they did not talk us into vaccines or other products our dog does not need . We would not go anywhere else for our pets !
Great food , big portions , great service , great atmosphere . The food was made to order . Very clean . Definately will come back
Great food and drinks for happy hour , beautiful location . I was most impressed with how well they handled the enormous crowd !
Great pizza and wings and super friendly service . Best pizza value in the West Valley ! ! ! !
This is probably my favorite milk tea place Everyone should really try their fruit tea and sea salted cream Friendly workers Fast service Nice Nice ~
Amazing show , I can ' t believe that they are closing in September . Mr Wynn I think you should reconsider closing this show . So sad it ' s such a great show .
So happy this place exists ! Love everything ! - the atmosphere - friendly staff - complimentary glass of wine - sanitary pedicure tubs the list goes on and on !
I have never had a poor experience here ( formerly K Sushi ) , and always love what I order . The food is consistently fresh and the staff is always welcoming and kind .
One of the yummiest thai places I ' ve been to in Phoenix . I absolutely love their pad se ew and thai tea ! A must try local restuarant !
These girls sure do know how to make tacos ! I love the tacos and the amazing salsas . Best Mexican joint in the valley by far . Not to mention the ladies working here are muy bonitas !
Great service , great food , and the atmosphere is nice . Noise is a little loud but the place was packed . The employees very friendly . I will be back .
We enjoy making the drive to Cabo . Roughly about 45 min . Cabo is consistently excellent !
Very fun ! Went for date night and it was awesome and the cuban sandwich was delicious .
Best Ribs in town ! ! Hot in the restaurant or even 2 days later as a cold take out lunch they are delicious ! I want more ! !
We being coming here every Friday trying different dishes and it ' s soooooooo ooooo good
DJ was extremely knowledgeable about the plants and helped me choose the right shrub for my house . I highly recommend this nursery and will be back again !
5 stars for the chicken wings . half price off every tuesday . their wings are huge compared to the likes of dominoes pizza or pizza pizza . $ 11 will get you 15pcs but only on tuesdays .
Wonderful massage . Cannot wait to come back . I had a terrible kmot in my back which was impossible to fix , but now my back feels wonderful ! Clean and serene .
Very good steak and appetizers , great customer service . Would definitely come back ! ! Yummy
Great little quiet spot to grab a hot tea and read some D . H . Lawrence on their Sunday Brunch . All proceeds go to feministbookstores . org
Been here twice and got compliments on both haircuts . Highly recommended . Will definitely be back .
Literally THE BEST cake I ' ve ever had . Pink princess cake was so pretty I didn ' t want to cut into it . But so glad I did , it was so good . . .
Love this place . As son as you walk in you feel very relaxed . Tierra is amazing . She applies the correct amount of pressure to get the knots and kinks out .
The food was absolutely delicious . I will be returning as soon as I ' m craving another chocolate / homemade salted caramel crepe !
This is our first time here . We are impressed and will be back ! The service was great , the BBQ Mahi Fish Tacos delicious , and the patio dining very comfortable . Great place !
This office is wonderful ! Dr . Mitchell is the best , and his staff is just as great . I would HIGHLY recommend ! ! ! !
Went tonight . It rocked . Flaming cheese and Crazy Gyro salad . Service was excellent . Food delicious . Highly recommend this place to everyone .
This is one of my favorite coffee houses in Madison . I highly recommend getting a " chai charger " . Chai tea with two shots of espresso for good measure : )
Amazingly delicious food . I ' m not exaggerating . Also , super friendly people . I ' m gonna be sad that I live 12 hours away from this place .
Fantastic dinner ! Had the bone marrow and cheese dishes to start and the meat as the entree . Ice cream sandwich for dinner . Highly recommended !
Ann is amazing . She is the only person I let do my brows . I drive 40 min to let her work her magic .
This place is amazing . Wonderful views and the best French onion soup . The service was great and helped us choose a wine from the many selections . Def a must when in Las Vegas .
This place is amazing make sure you make reservations a week before they ' re always booked !
Cheap , plenty of pool tables , big screen televisions , what ' s there not to love ? I like coming here to watch games , good service and good food . Fuss free
Very excited to see they are reopening on 32nd and Cactus . Banner is up . Not sure when the open the door .
Yummy , soft and fresh donughnuts . Loads of varieties and softer than those available at dunkin
A nice place a lady can get her cigar on ! Enjoyed the great service from my new friend and bar manager , Bryce .
These guys were awesome ! Just randomly stopped by the shop to see if I could get a quick headlight fixed . . they replaced it in 15 min no charge . . thankful for these guys !
I ' ve been here so many time when I vistiting LV and getting better and better . This place has one of the best AYCE ! ! ! Don ' t forget to save room for dessert
Fantastic food and excellent service ! ! Had the pork belly and the variety of tastes was astounding . The dessert , a tiramisu , was equally fantastic . I have no qualms recommending this place !
Great service ! They print the newsletters for most of the neighborhoods in the area and can professionally pack and ship just about anything . Best copy prices in the area !
El mejor lugar para tacos de lengua muy Rico tardan un poco pero está buenísimo se lo recomiendo a usted que lee esto
Best little cafe in town . I have eaten everything on the menu and there are no mediocre items here .
Great place . Always fresh Sushi . I am a regular and I have never had a bad experience . I love their sashimi the most .
Very friendly staff , great value ! 60 minute full body massage for $ 35 . . . can ' t beat it
I had filler but in my cheeks and folds around my mouth , also my lips . Amazing result and amazing experience . Everyone was super friendly . I am over the moon with the outcome .
Some of the best Middle Eastern food I have had . So yummy . I also love the little market
Ruben ' s Westown Tire and Auto Repair shop is the best around ! They offer high - quality work at very reasonable prices . I highly recommend them for any of your automotive needs .
I am loving my Pilates classes ! ! Torrin and Crystal are both amazing . I ' ve never looked forward to working out before . Thank you Ladies ! !
Food was delicious and id definitely recommend it ! Service was very caring and friendly . I will definitely come back !
Love this little place . Tucked away in a strip mall . So you will have to look for it . Amazing homemade sandwiches , fantastic NY style Italian Ice . Very kid friendly and great atmosphere !
Excellent ! Top notch service and wonderful food ! ! We will tell all our friends and family and look forward to many returns . So yummy !
Wonderful place , service , food and a huge variety of wines ! What more could anyone ask for !
Got the Blanco Burger . Hands down the best burger I ' ve ever eaten . It was delicious ! Definitely will go back .
Totally worth the convenience of pick up and delivery , and prompt / friendly service .
I love coming to this chipotle . It ' s not busy when I go and the line goes quick . Staff is friendly and the food is bomb ! ! ! ! Get the guac guys .
Best Sushi & Scenery combo in Vegas hands down . Really awesome spot to go before events at the T Mobile areana especially .
Beyond scrumptious . The seasoning on our seafood combo was savory with a bit of heat . It was down right delicious . I shall return .
Great vibe . An excellent place to watch The Devils ! Make sure you see Matt at the bar . Bro is on his game . We ' ll keep coming back .
I use them all of the time and they are competitive on sweeper prices too . The staff is always helpful and they even do sweeper repairs while you wait .
Haven ' t been to this noodle place for long time . The quality is still the same ! Amazing wonton and egg noodle . We ordered a side beef too , very tender . Highly reco !
Best food ever wish there was one in the state i live in . i would eat there every day ! ! !
Great brisket . Fun , personable staff . A family - owned business . Good crat brews . You have to give it a try .
Whether you ' re vegan , vegetarian , or a carnivore ( me ) , Olive & Gourmando redefines what wholesome , homemade food should be .
Wow . Amazing , fresh , delicious . . . what else can I say ? Had the double chocolate cake donut and the cinnamon cake donut . Both were divine . Will definitely be back .
Great place the food is always on point . Had Kirby as a server wow she really is a gem . Other servers can learn a thing or two from her . Nothing was ever a problem !
Barbecue was really good . Thin crust , small amount of fat , taste just the way I like it . : ) Will get it again for sure .
The staff and even the manager was every friendly . The food was excellent and the desert was out of this world .
I remember the first time I came for a yelp elite get together . I fell in love with the crepes . Not only are the crepes delicious the service is wonderful .
My husband and I enjoyed a delicious meatball sub . The person working was friendly and helpful and I was extremely appreciative since it was my first time there . = )
Legit . Not a traditional taco place , but everything I ' ve had was excellent . Get the octopus , obviously .
Had a small wait , but that tells us something about the restaurant . Food , service and atmosphere was 5 Star . we will definitely become loyal customers .
I love this place the food is great the music is great Wednesday is my favorite lady night
Excellent pizza & wings ! Great coupons , too , if you can find them . The house wine is reasonable as well . Will return !
Rockin bacon cheeseburger , unlimited fries & peanuts ! Love the black line toppings !
Repeatedly amazing food & service . The El Diablo burger , zucchini fries & green chili fries are where it ' s at .
I had supper there last night and I love it . Chicken kababs just melt in your mouth . . You can choose your spice from mild to 911 . Chicken is Organic ! Love it !
Mmmm . . . this place is good . I love their orange chicken . Good prices and the people are super friendly . Anything with shrimp in it is great .
Friendly staff , clean facility , nice equipment . It ' s never too busy here , so I always get a good workout .
The best carne asada tacos I have had in the valley so far . I frequently eat here and it never disappoints .
I ' ve been coming to Madison for two years and this has been the best meal an experience so far . Great pizza , beer , and service !
We ate here twice and the pink tacos are the best ! ! Margaritas are excellent as well . Fast and friendly service . Will be back next time .
Great services Thanks Xcash financial services for your Help , I ' ll continue to recommend to my friends .
Roben is the BEST ! ! ! ! He took his time on my nails . And I love them . He ' s also really funny . Thank you Roben see you again ! !
Great healthy , fresh food . Friendly staff . Very tasty !
Worth the wait every time ! Brought visitors from Chicago and they said it beats anywhere in Chicago . Cannot wait for the new place . Hope they keep doing what they do now .
Great haircut for an UNREAL price ! Quick too . Highly recommend this place !
YUMMY ! I highly recommend the toasted marshmallow flavour !
I loved . The coffee , the place itself , the music , the seats , the staff , the bathroom everything was really good . I loved the place and I will definitely go back .
The best breakfast restaurant in Vegas . My wife and I come here all the time . Consistently great food and service at a fair price . Highly recommend this place !
nice restaurant！nice service！would like to come again . Also , the environment is good too . The testy also nice ! Like the occupy , and beef with sauce .
Got an amazing funky , short cut from DeNay ( spelling ? ) She asked lots of questions about what I wanted and adjusted as we went . Lovely salon , super nice staff . Highly recommend !
Elevated Chinese food . Great ambiance and the food meets approval of Hong Kong Chinese foodie ! The signature cod dish is well worth it ! Service was prompt and friendly .
Inexpensive The lady is super sweet She takes her time but doesn ' t take too long Always does good work
Fabulous food , great service , formal old school style steak house , when in Montreal , you must eat here .
Awesome food . Highly recommend . Had gyros platter . Generous portions and excellent meat . Check out their spices and other food stuff . Got couscous very cheap .
After a long hike we found this place on yelp . We arrived during happy hour , great prices ! ! ! Delicious choices good for both us and the environment .
Thoroughly enjoyed my facial with Kiera ! I ' ve been going to Sonoran Serenity Spa for a couple of years now . . . love the monthly specials and always leave feeling wonderful .
The best hot yoga spot in town ! ! ! ! ! This place has a great energy and amazing instructors . . .
Food was excellent , atmosphere was chill . Even our baby girl seemed at home . I ' d go there again in a heartbeat .
Fresh food , wonderful crew and a great vibe .
Outstanding service and food ! Katie and Vinnie greeted us with a smile . Katie was knowledgable about the unique menu . The food came out quick and hot . Loved the # 2 Best Seller !
Fantastic food . I had the Dan Dan Noodles with spicy minced pork and they were fantastic . I ' d recommend sitting at the bar if possible so you can watch them work their noodle magic
Always very friendly and clean & very professional . They always know what the right wines to recommend for me . Love this place , my favorite restraint ever ! ! !
Omg yummmm . . . gluten free chocolate chip cookies , so I can build my ice cream sandwich ! Thank you : ) Delicious cookie and ice cream ! My so loved the donut ice cream Sammy too
I come here every time I come back to Vegas . Great food , amazing service and awesome atmosphere . Every time I order something different and I ' m never disappointed . Yum .
Best waffles around ! So many options for toppings and even added more drinks to the menu ! So glad the shop is so close to us !
Beautiful clean restaurant . Welcoming staff , plenty of variety on the menu , excellent food and very reasonable prices . I will definitely go there again
Rio treats us like a family and our dog loves the attention he gets in the drive through !
We had an awesome experience getting our family portraits done at JCPenny . The pictures turned out beautifully . I am so pleased with our experience . I absolutely recommend this place .
The outdoor area is beautiful and the bocce and bags make the wait fun . Nice salad menu - love the Asian chop salad and steak salads .
Wonderful place . Had the charcuterie board and also cheese . Olives are superb . We shared the kale salad which was tasty and the fish of the day . Would definitely come again !
By far our new favorite indoor playground ! ! My 16 month old had a blast ! ! The staff were all extremely nice and welcoming , would and WILL definitely be going back
JJ has been very patient and has done an excellent job . I would highly recommend this place for a haircut .
By far our favorite local place ! The staff and service is always the best ! Food is on point and lots of craft beers on tap !
I love the way my hair feels and looks every time I get it done . Naomi is the greatest !
I have mini dachshunds who are expecting puppies I will be going to barking dogs before the photo shoot with all the puppies to groom them can ' t wait ! ! ! !
Nice ambiance and food ! It is more of an authentic mainland Chinese food compared to all the restaurant in Chinatown . Would definitely come back
Amazing BBQ and amazing beer ! Brunt ends are a must . But the brisket is just as good .
Fabulous service , excellent atmosphere , and delicious food ! Love the vibe and our server Angel was the best ! ! Will definitely be back ! !
We come here all the time . Always great quality healthy food and the workers are always very nice . Breakfast is our favorite
So much fun . . . the cast is so talented , beautiful trained dancers doing some pretty wacky choreography , hilarious mc , live band , audience participation . Very sexy .
Amazing food ! Great vegan options ! Love this place ! = )
Loved this place ! Super cool atmosphere and amazing cocktails . The prosciutto just melted in your mouth ! I ' d so go again and again !
Great place to hike with plenty of trails to choose from . My favorite is the sunrise trail or Tom ' s Thumb .
Went for their xiao long bao and loved it . Came back for more 3 times during my 4 day stay in Toronto . Love this place
Beautiful views , delicious food , and great service . Oh yeah , and quite possibly the best bread and butter ive ever had .
The best European cake and omelet we ever had ! Very quiet and relaxing atmosphere . Great vanilla cookies and coffee drinks , too . We will certainly be back .
2nd day in a row here the guys who work here are so nice , quick & good at their jobs . Loving the 1 / 2 off coupons ! Will not take cars anywhere else !
Love this place . Reasonable prices for movies and concessions . Games are fun and don ' t cost an arm and leg to play . This is a great family fun center .
Food is awesome ! As I ' m pretty aware how real Georgian quinine should taste like , Suliko is good place to go ! Always fresh , service is good ! Try their Georgian wine ! !
Loved this place . Great atmosphere . Had the kaya chips and Rainbow salad . Really refreshing and delicious .
Great food , great service every time ! ! ! Thank you Melissa for great recommendations ! Will be back
Very nice place the food is great . You are in the area check it out u won ' t regret it .
Service and food was great . We had a good experience here , specially after taking a few shots and beers lol . .
Incredibly delicious and unique food , great atmosphere with everything being cooked right behind the bar . I have come back multiple times .
Amazing ! I don ' t typically write reviews , but the dining experience and food were incredible .
Great experience ! Both dogs came back smelling and looking great ! ! ! ! Will use mobile service again !
I stopped by today and it was closed . Is the place out of business ? I really liked it .
An amazing community of people . If you work for yourself and want to belong to something bigger than you , consider belonging to this .
Great food ! ! Great service . Grilled yellow tail collar to die for . Sushi very good
This is one of the better tasting Chinese food court restaurants and I didn ' t really have any issues with their service .
Excellent sushi ! ! ! The wait staff and ambience are great as well . The Vegas special ( # 54 ) is great . Can ' t go wrong with some tall Sapporos either .
The food was good ! The service was good ! The guy was very polite ! The tea was good ! I enjoyed how spicy it all was ! Def would go back !
Kassie is amazing ! She ' s a hair wizard ! And super friendly and made me feel comfortable about cutting my long hair off . She ' s a rockstar . Go see her immediately .
European Wav Center at Arboretum has always been been a great experience . Jamie is the absolute best ! Very thorough basically painless !
Was here so long ago and almost forgot where it was . Lucky we found it , food was amazing like always . Staff treats you like family . Can ' t wait to come back .
Food was incredible and service was right on spot . This is more a Sicilian style restaurant which made it more pleasurable to me since I ' m Sicilian myself and accustomed to this style of cooking
Coca Cafe is my favorite brunch at Pittsburgh ! The special menu for Sunday brunch is worthy to try . I will suggest my friends try savory meals , because it ' s really awesome !
I absolutely love chicken fingers ! ! ! They are so nice and friendly at this location too ! They especially love my pug roger and almost always give him a treat ! Thanks ! !
This is probably my favorite breakfast place in town . It is conveniently located in Crocker Park and is a popular kid - friendly restaurant . Very busy on the weekends , reservations recommended .
I should have done review months ago . Craig did a great job writing my resume . I ' ve had numerous HR managers look over it they all loved it . Definitely money well spent .
J ' ai pris un café cortado , c ' était bon : ) le croissant était excellent ! Et oui c ' est petit mais c ' est agréable quand même . J ' y retourne !
The staff was very friendly and attentive and the food was great ! I will definitely be going back the next time I ' m in town !
I have been to Brisam ' s once before this . I had a Hot Club Sandwich with a side salad . It was really good . It was filling .
Nicky is hands down the best server I ' ve ever had , I would go back just for her recommendation
My croissant sandwich was delicious & the staff is amazing . Nice little hidden gem off the strip .
went to eat here again and server Jimmy was awesome . his customer service along with the food here is awesome .
Santa Barbara catered my wedding and did a fantastic job ! They worked well with my budget and provided excellend service ! I would highly recommend them for anyone looking to have their event catered .
Great coffee , great staff and a really great vibe to get some work done . . . Highly recommended !
Great service , on time pickup and a message when we landed at Hopkins so we could easily find him curbside . Randy is a good driver and nice guy . I recommend these folks highly !
Best panda ever . We always go to this one for our panda cravings . They got WiFi too ! ! Sooo stuffed every time we leave here
This place is very fun and the food is great . Love watching them make fresh tortillas . Next time I ' m in Vegas I ' m going to come again .
Such a great vibe ! The owners were so kind and just really great people ! My husband and I loved our sandwiches and will definitely be back !
Came back for a smog inspection and it was done super fast . . . all the while I played Tetris for free in their amazing game room .
Great customer service and delicious food ! ! ! We got the lunch special to go and it was yummy !
Outstanding ! Service was great ! Food was even better ! Definitely going back with the family next time . Maybe tomorrow !
Everything was FRESH it melts in your mouth and I love that you can order sashimi to goThe owner was genuinely nice . The shrimp tempura is cooked perfect !
Yum yum ! Will definitely be back ! Good lunch selection and good prices . Service very friendly ,
Best Greek food in town . Everytime we come here the food is great . We started with a side of Melizanosalata . It was nice and creamy . Great gyro plates
Always delicious . Excellent duck spaetzle ! Every entree I ' ve ordered has been delicious . Impressive wine , cocktails and dessert . The atmosphere is nice , laid back with a mixed crowd .
Great little breakfast and lunch joint , reminisce about back east favorites including the best fresh baked bread and boars head meats and cheeses ! Prices are fair , portions are big ! A must try !
Their food is mind - blowingly good , service is quick , and they only serve the soda with real sugar ! ! ! ! ! ! Very bare bones operation but it reflects in their prices .
Update : Still haven ' t tried the dim sum . I ' m not that big on dim sum . But their regular dishes are excellent . I love the noodles here .
Great neighborhood bar ! Amazing burgers and great drinks . Service is fast and friendly . I ' d highly recommend
Although there are several locations , Primantis is a Pittsburgh Must See !
Great Food , Great Staff ! Not only do I frequent there for lunch , I order food for our employees for Sat . lunch . Rad and his staff are the best .
Jeez , if everything could be this easy ! On time , totally professional , super nice guys , family owned and my carpet looks great ! Thank you Noble for carpet nirvana !
Great service , better prices and even better sups ! My go to stop for everything fitness !
Nikki is an awesome colorist ! She saved my hair catastrophe and is great at coloring blonde ! New favorite colorist would highly recommend
Breakfast was excellent , really on my top five lists of best breakfast joints anywhere . The corned beef hash is great . Portions were generous . Service was attentive and friendly .
Amazing food . Great atmosphere . Smokeless cozy . Home cooked food . I ' m Reluctant to let you know of one of Vegas best kept secret open 24 hours .
If you are vegan its a perfect place to go eat and get the stuff that you most likely no gonna make at home
Went their two consecutive days good coffee , great food and courteous staff . Would recommend
I get taken care of every time I rent from this location . Efficient staff and excellent customer service .
fast service . great variety . friendly folks ! ! tesh wants more yelp users to post reviews please had a reuben and italian sub . great place
Seriously need more places like this . I love the feeling of a small , personally owned coffee shop with little snacks and delicious drinks . I ' m hooked !
Again another GREAT experience Angel ! Thanks so much for your WONDERFUL service . We will definitely be back next week if not sooner . This is the best late - night hang out in Henderson !
Finally ! ! Went looking for a seal and was glad to find that this place has everything ! ! And I don ' t have to go over the hill !
Love this place ! ! Supper cute and my lash artist Jen was seriously the BEST ! Hands down . If u are looking for lashes book her .
. . . right on Alex . . . you and your crew are the bomb . . . thanks 305 Kustoms . . . c ya again : - )
Clean location , professional and friendly staff . No line and no waiting which was greatly appreciated ! ! ! Thx
Awesome place ! ! Super friendly & fast paced ! I would highly recommend az title and registration to anyone looking for great service !
Sandy is an amazing accountant , we ' ve used him for the last 5 years and always gives us great advice .
Such a fun spot in DTS ! He did the cabana and bottle service . It did not disappoint . Having a great DJ was a plus !
Incredible . It truly was a culinary experience . . All items I tried were full of flavor and delish and the service was impeccable .
I go to this location often on my way home to grab dinner for the Family , great food , friendly fast service . Always a hit at my house for sure !
Eggs Max is where it ' s at ! This place has been cranking out the hits for decades . It hasn ' t changed a bit and it doesn ' t need to ! !
Nummy ! Gluten free and vegan options . Try the Blackberry pie . I ' m going back for the pecan pie next week !
Probably one of my favorite pub that serves my favorite Stella Artois . I love the mission area and Its patio spot . Highly recommended !
By far , my favorite place to each in Henderson . Their food is extremely fresh .
First time trying their specialty drinks and they are amazing ! The service is alway great ! Our new fave spot !
Just had another great delivery from Some of the best Mexican food I ' ve had Kyle the delivery boy was fast and courteous
Best place on town . Everything on this ' d u is good . The owner is nice and runs the front counter . Sitting outside right now enjoying the fountains and good food . Enjoy !
Fantastic food and drinks . The waitress provided excellent suggestions and off - menu selections to hit our favorite fish cut flavors . The salmon sashimi is amazingly fresh and buttery , and the dragon roll very flavorful .
Great Korean Bar - B - Q . . . the spicy pork is fantastic , dumplings are pretty damn good also . . .
Went for Fathers Day brunch . Despite a crowded restaurant , we had excellent service . Joshua was our server and he was great ! Food was good and came out quickly .
Amazing food and the waiters are really interested in the quality of your experience .
Amazing service ! Matthew is a very nice person which helped a yelp newbie with his laundry ! Definitely going to use his service the next time ! Refael
Really good and really cheap . Rosemary was my favorite ! Sesame and cinnamon raisin also good .
Zach was great and super informative about anything going on with my car . Quick and great service !
What a blast ! The food was awesome . The service was great and the band was really fun ! Whatever you ' re doing keep doing it !
OMG , this place is for one of those days that I want to eat and eat and eat ice cream . It is almost impossible to stop eating them .
Amazing sweet sauce ! Awesome and friendly service . This is honestly my favorite pizza joint ever . Keep up the good work !
This place is a gem . The best service I ' ve had at a butcher anywhere , I wish I lived closer .
Such a great dessert spot ! I highly recommend the Gelati . My wife and I love coming here . The staff is always friendly .
This is one of the best Korean bbq I ' ve tried . It is not all you can eat but it ' s definitely fulfilling ! ! ! A must try
Highly recommend ! Post before hunting food for this year ' s restaurant week ! Miss oysters and juicy steak there !
Try to find a better hotdog in AZ ! If you are feeling it , try their white hot dogs . Hard to find and absolutely worth seeking out . Just like upstate NY .
Delicious crispy fries if you havent tried the philly cheesesteak pourine definately try it delicious
Simply put this is the best Papa Johns in Charlotte . Consistently good pizza and great service !
Good place to go after playing hockey in the morning to get some food . Wait staff is good and food is served quick . Awesome Breakfast . . . . . GET THE WOLFPACK !
huge fan of their food , their taste is more authentic and less cheesy . . . . . . i eat there everytime i go to vegas ! ! ! ! . . . . . . .
My absolute favorite place for Indian cuisine . The staff are so courteous . . . Very accommodating . . . The food . . . AMAZING . Best fish curry in Phoenix . . . . Easily .
Always really good ! ! ! I usually pick up and take home and pizza anywhere is always better there hot n fresh outa oven . . . . love the taste toppings AND beer ! !
One of the more delicious bubble tea recipes with some unoque flavors like Jasmine and Hokkaido . Also serves crepes of better than aversge quality . Fast service with an incentivizing rewards program .
Buy Local . . . Let ' s Keep These Guys in Business . The staff here is more than helpful and really are a wealth of knowledge . Location is excellent as well .
Awesome vegan tacos ! ! ! Next time I ' m in Cleveland I ' m there ! I wish my stomach was bigger so I could have eaten more !
Dr . Hedrix is wonderful ! Caring and friendly staff that will do everything to accomodate your needs and help you feel better .
Found exactly what I was looking for . Needed something for the crystal collection and this glass display box comes handy . And it was 50 % off !
happy hour every freaking day until 9 pm yeeeeeaaaahhh ! ! !
There ' s nothing I don ' t like about it . Ordered an iced cappuccino , was pretty good . Cute decor , nice environment , staff seems friendly .
I drive from Cranston for the pizza . I am a big fan of the crispy crust . Toppings are always FRESH . Never disappointed with the food .
Very responsive and courteous service responding to my lawn needs in addition to repairing four previously unknown underground irrigation pipe leaks . Peter and his crew are top notch professionals . Kevin
Best French manicure I have ever had , hands down ! I will be returning to see Rachel many times . Good prices and a very clean facility .
These guys always come through in a pinch . We own a commercial business and they have helped us with towing many times . Very prompt and professional . Highly recommended - Paul
Great breakfast place . Quick and friendly service . Good food and prices . They have lunch as well which I will be trying out soon .
Great food made by a dedicated chef Drinks taste great and bartenders are amazing [ especially Beautimous - Bridgette ] Atmosphere is great and the local crowd is real cool
This place is the real deal . - great service - delicious food with beautiful plate presentation - nice modern decor - really clean I can see why the other reviews were 5 stars .
These folks were super helpful when we bought a Bearded Dragon last night . Shawn answered my questions and was knowledgeable on reptiles and what we needed to keep our new family pet alive and healthy .
The absolute best teriyaki place you will ever eat ! Fresh delicious food and fast service . Tried teriyaki beef for first time tonight and it was amazing !
Honestly , I am really hard to please when it comes to food . . ESPECIALLY pizza . I have absolutely NOT ONE BAD THING to say about this pizza . It is absolutely delicious ! ! !
A family favorite . We take all our out of town friends and visitors here . Just wish they had the sauce in pumps ! ! !
Amazing food ! I highly recommend the swordfish tacos and deviled eggs . Will definitely visit again ! Delish .
Love this place ! Small plates , big buckets , noodles , rice , tempura - something for everybody !
Great service . Friendly staff as always . Never have any problems when coming to this store . Will continue to bring my business here and tell others when needed .
Sr Carloscv Vi nube buenos cuánt NBCos suc tf y rx B b juicesBkjC BGentxallyrfcrcvru
What a Beautiful community . Staff is amazing . Close to everything downtown . Maintenance requests done in a quick fashion . What a breath of fresh air .
Amazing place with an amazing atmosphere . The coffee is pure quality and it is amazingly low priced . So far the best coffee joint I ' ve tried ! ! !
I had the best Thai meal ever and I live nearNY City . The waitress was a doll . I highly recommend
I love Carolina Smoothies . Lots of cost effective options . My favorite and convenient place to get wheatgrass . Friendly atmosphere . Nothing bad to say about this place
Love their food . Always fresh and filling and great service . The sashimi is great . Especially the combo .
We buy all our pool necessity ' s here . Not only are the prices great , but the customer service is exceptional . Always willing to help and answer all your questions .
Chelsea took such good care of us she was personable and knowledgeable . Great experience !
Chris was a huge help - when the couch I first ordered was unavailable , he went out of his way to get me something that fit my needs . Delivery only took 3 days !
One of my Husband ' s and my favorite places to eat . Food is Organic and Healthy . Best place to eat in Phoenix : )
Great kbbq place . We both felt it was worth the price and the food was great and delicious ! You also grt a free dessert for posting a review afterward ! !
Great massage and walk ins are welcome which I loved . Will be going back . Tranquil facility and accommodating staff !
Thank you Jeri for the great haircut and conversation ! ! I have been looking for a place to get a solid , decently priced haircut in Vegas , and I think I found my spot ! !
I really like this restaurant especially the hot soup , it is amazing ! ! ! I think it is suit for everyone ! ! !
Expensive but oh so delicious sushi ! Have been multiple times and well worth the price .
OMG rebeka is sooo amazing she was the most wonderful bartender and sweet and loving and caring and I love her I will defenatly come back here ! ! ? ? We love you ! ! ! !
Great service and was quick . Best food and good hospitality . . . I tried mushroom fajita andy colleagues had meat and shrimp . They all loved it . . .
Great sale ! 40 % off everything in the store today - Saturday . Great selection , helpfully associates .
Very cool hidden " in secret " coffee spot . Occult vibe but perfect cups . I ' ve had their Crucible and their Darkside both were excellent . Must try it !
Really nice hangout Great beer selection Nice that u can bring food in and bartender Brian is awesome !
One of the only places left that really cares about there customers . Angel is a great salesperson . Great service and prices .
Whole family LOVES their sandwhiches ! Great variety ! They actually have a whopping 700 sandwhiches ! ! Fries are AMAZING ! Come and get your sandwhich fix here once in a while ! Great place !
The best vegan Bahn Mi in town . Hands down . The Thai tea with soy milk is really good . The owners are awesome and super nice .
Just amazing ! Couldn ' t ask for more . Very friendly and great service . I definitely will be coming back .
I loooove the place ! They are super friendly and helpful ! Never left the place without being happy . Dogs are allowed on the patio ! ! !
Josh ( owner and proprietor ) is amazeballs ! Great food , good drinks and awesome atmosphere . Love this place !
My absolute favorite place for sushi in the area . The Phoenix rolls are incredible . Fast and friendly service . Also really like their edamame and seaweed salad .
Perfect economical breakfast joint ! A * ton * of good food for extremely reasonable prices , efficient service , and a comfy setting .
Staying in the hotel and enjoyed breakfast and lunch during our stay . The staff are perfection and will be hard to stay anywhere else on our next trip to Vegas . Food and service were both outstanding .
The family used a Groupon for 4 - people including equipment . The best 2 - hours we have had in a long time . Competition set in after the first hour and then it was on !
Great pho . Giving it 5 stars to bump up its rating after going to some high rated pho places that were horrible .
Great ! Took my pair of dachshunds for a bath and nail trim . They both came back soft and smelling good . Love that they are right in Providence too . Super close to my home !
Fantastic , went here for my sons birthday , ended up buying two dozen , and a giant donut . Delicious
Ordering and paying online is so convenient ! The food is so good ! The establishment is very clean and the proprietors are very nice ! Definitely recommend and will be back ! Thank you !
Went for a full service ( oil , brakes , tires , etc ) before a cross - country road trip . Great service and quick turnaround .
No sure what everyone is complaining about . This place is clean , staff is friendly , price is fair , and food is bomb . Love this place
We always get the same thing : chicken fried rice . So good . Always fresh and fast . The Pho is good too .
Chris is such a sweet employee and takes care of my mom , husband and I whenever we come in . I ' m always happy to see him working behind the counter when I come in .
came here for brunch on a saturday . their adega flatbread was served hot and crispy . i got a side of pancake , it is VERY delicious . it was a big portion too . coffee was expensive
Food is great , and delivery is fast ! The customer service is awesome . I order from them often , and have never had a bad experience .
Love this joint ! Great coffee and the apple pie is on point . I also love that this spot is 24 hours . Night or day , this place definitely wins .
Plats copieux , abordable et délicieux ! Situé au coeur du Plateau , le premier resto italien vegan .
Great food and a great price . Love the atmosphere . Ordered nine meals and not one complaint .
Fantastic service , excellent food and the owner personally comes out to make sure your dining experience is flawless . Came here while visiting my parents and was not disappointed .
What a well kept and magical place in Toronto , building is lovely , kind of a hidden treasure near TO Downtown . Peaceful and quiet , I really enjoyed the visit surrounded by beautiful plants and flowers .
Great food , atmosphere Everything I ordered was delicious Ramen , beef short rib , pork belly , sashimi platter
Love the new seats , and the reserved seating is ok in my book . Will probably come more often now , I ' m a fan of the remodel .
love this place , various kinds of noodles and dumplings , love the soup dumpling and beef noodles here .
Delicious , and super friendly . Try the fried banana and ice cream desert . Drunken noodles yummy .
Amazing food and wonderful service ! Food was served super fast ! Very impressed ! Had the chicken lo mein and husband had Mongolian beef . Very good and large portion sizes . Definitely coming back again !
The best tacos ever . Al Pastor are amazing . And Carne Asada . But mostly al pastor seriously they are the best .
Fantastic experience at Muramoto this last weekend . Superb cocktails from mixologist PJ . Such attention to detail and flavor in his drinks ! ! Oh , and fantastic sushi rolls . Fun place !
Now this place is the REAL DEAL ! I moved to Las Vegas in 2003 , took me years to find a great pie . I absolutely love this place and you will too !
We the whole family enjoyed authentic Chinese food here . The people here are very friendly . And the food here are fantastic !
Wonderful Atmosphere , wonderful staff , and the best bacon wrapped jalapenos and the tequila is by far the BEST ! ! !
Really helpful dudes , really cheap rentals . The rental bikes were quality and they had good riding tips .
Paul Hughes is very knowledgeable . He answered our many questions and was very professional . He is in Chandler now , but still has the same phone number .
Totally love Island Flavor . Usually go to the one on Durango so I ' m glad that I found one closer to my new place . The food is great and the atmosphere is amazing .
Awesome shrimp wonton soup ! A very basic restaurant . The best part is the service is so fast , food is tasty , and price is reasonable . In and out in 20 minutes .
Been here many times . Great food and service . Line to order can get long . But that probably tells u something . So go early . No Alcohol .
Try the reuben and don ' t miss the parmesan kettle chips ! A good family style atmosphere , generous portions , average prices .
This place was amazing all of the food was mouthwatering the fish was fresh and delicious . It was also very family friendly .
Mellisa helped my out for my service appointment . She was friendly and offered to have my car washed after my oil change . Thank you Mellisa .
Big , clean , open dog park . Lots of size variety of dogs . Even the little dogs play with much bigger dogs .
They are honest & easy to deal with . Zero surprises & extremely hard working . Thank you
They helped me get a great deal on Homeowners Insurance and Car Insurance . Everyone is super friendly and they go above and beyond to make sure you are getting the best deal .
My favourite Peruvian restaurant . The food is made fresh . The recipes are authentic with a modern twist . Service is great .
Amazing sandwiches ! ! ! Club Royale my favorite ! ! ! And fettuccine Alfredo yummm ! I wish they had one in LA ! ! !
I ' m a lover of a good taco , and Tachido never disappoints . Definitely of the best places Montreal for a taco and margerita .
The only thing I ever get is the # 6 BBQ pork sandwich and it ' s awesome . Great snack for a great price . I love their baguets .
Great deep dish pizza . Usually very tasty and cooked as requested . They offer coupons online , if you sign up for their deals via email , and in your money mailer .
Great service . This is the only place I know that serves egg pudding in their milk tea . It was good ! Not too sweet . I had the rose milk tea . Delicious !
Awesome ! Similar to the one in Honolulu . You go in and order your main entree . Get your entree after you order it . Then add your sides .
Good service , amazing food . After so so reviews I was pleasantly surprised : ) Definitely would come again .
Great massage . Strong hands and very professional ! ! Way better than traveling to a spa !
This place is my favorite ! Workers are super friendly and accommodating . My favorite drink is the honey milk tea !
Best burger in Markham . Hands down . Small shop with a nice patio on Main Street . The quality is consistent , the buffers are done just right .
They have a large selection of flavors and toppings . The service is always great and employees are friendly . It ' s my favorite yogurtland location .
Thanks very much Bulwark - - and Eric , our tech . We ' re pest - free .
The best to prepare your children to drive !
The attention to detail was amazing . The service and overall experience was fantastic . The price was beyond reasonable . This is the only place to invest in jewelry in Southern Nevada .
I ' m from out of town and was very happy to find and try Carmody ' s . We tried the zucchini and steak salad . I even recommend the turtle soup !
Seriously fantastic patio ! ! ! Excellent customer service , good food and great happy hour ! Live music Wednesday - Saturday . . . Great place to grab a drink and hang out !
The food is great here and love the atmosphere . Great place for a date , very romantic , but casual . lighting is awesome . Prices are higher but its worth every penny . Definitely recommend
Service is awesome ! We ordered the family beef combo # 3 everything was delicious , side dishes are soooo good ! We ' ll definitely come visit again .
Had what I needed - lowes did not . Dave and John are exceptional - good customer service !
Love getting my nails done there ! The staff is so friendly and funny , and my nails always look great .
Lovely ambiance Attentive staff Reasonable prices They use disposable liners for their foot spas , which lessen the risk of catching bacterial infection . Everyone is great , my favorite is Lynn . She is super talented !
Best Bloody Mary ever . Best in Champaign , best in the world . Decked out in all possible garnishes and gleaming like a amazing tomato mountain .
My husband and I came here for a cleaning the staff was friendly and approachable . The office was clean .
Another excellent " fancy - pants " restaurant with good meat , wine , and everything . We ate here as a large group a few months back and broke the bank , but was worth every penny .
Amazing ambiance ! ! ! New York feel and swank . . . oh makes me miss the east coast with sophisticated yet cute decore and menu .
Always friendly service and good food . My daughter ' s favorite spot , close to the office so I ' m a regular . Highly recommend this place .
Food is AWESOME ! ! ! Quick service . My favorite is the Greek salad with the fresh ingredients !
We love Kabuki it is a great place for families , on a date , or on a busy night take out is great !
Great place to get some good Mexican food . Everything we got was pretty good and fresh . Came here with the family and they absolutely loved it . Really sweet place .
Fun bar . Reminds me of LA bars Without the countless bastards crowding the bar . Great bartenders too .
The food here is fantastic . We eat here often and I have my favorite which is Chicken Shawarma . The service is great and the food is always on point .
Yes , had a great meal here . I love that they have 3 levels of wine pairings . And they had to have good service to put up with the group I was with .
Loved the firecracker tacos ! Beautiful presentation of food , great atmosphere , and welcoming staff .
Great burnt ends ! Went with the Blackdog Burger , nice alternative if you ' ve had their excellent pork shoulder and brisket .
pilates reformer classes are so effective . buy a package . marina is an excellent instructor who gives private lessons ( ! ) and teaches group classes . did you know they have a massage therapist onsite ?
Great food and awesome service . Every waiter asked if we needed refills and if the food was to our liking . Fun samurai guy with long black hair
I always come here for watch and jewelry repairs ! I ' ve even had some items engraved here ! Very honest and knowledgable people ! Great prices and workmanship .
Food is excellent - - delivery is fast and driver courteous - - love the lamb but my grandson is sold on the chicken Adana - - even the warm pitas are exceptional
What ' s not to love about Camp Northend . It ' s Woodstock meets Wakanda meets all things art !
Most excellent food . Great service . Mike our waiter was extremely cordial . Definitely will go back
Billy the bartender is awesome ! Order the Club Sandwich ! Best sandwich ever ! You ' ll feel right at home at this bar .
I get all my business cards printed here . Great , fast , reliable service ! ! Dwight behind the print counter is the man !
First time here ; the combination stir fried egg noodle and garden pho were both excellent !
Thee best cocktails in Montreal ! What a spread . Anything you could ever dream of in a cocktail . And who could pass down little mason jars of goldfish to snack on ?
Fabulous quaint hotel . People were friendly rooms clean ! I would stay here everytime im in the area . No noise either . Nice coffee service in patio as you enjoy fresh morning air . I loved it
Maple bacon and apple fritters are amazing . Iced coffee was so good as well ! ! They definitely take care of their customers and are very friendly and inviting .
Maureen at the Sue Devitt makeup counter is truly wonderful ! She is an expert in her field .
Got some great red snapper from here today . Fresh selection , fair prices , and friendly staff . I will definitely come back !
Love this place , great food and a great farming community . Checked it out after watching diners drive - ins and dives , was not disappointed .
Have used them for awhile now and there cakes have always been amazing and fairly priced . They make our birthdays a lot easier and even fit us in a few times last minute . Thanks ABakeshop !
These guys are the home away from home that give back to the community and honor our officers , they make a great latte . Love them
I go here all the time and never get bad food . The two best things on the menu for me are the wings ( definitely GOLDEN ) and the focaccias !
Nice spacious rooms and near the airport . About 45 - 1 hour from downtown Toronto , beware . . . traffic in Toronto is not so good . So plan accordingly
Short review , wow . Everything about this place is wow . WELL worth staying here . They make their own doughnuts ! !
We have lived in Verrado ( west valley ) for 7 years and finally found an amazing Thai place . This was affordable , great food and amazing service .
Best wings I ' ve come across ! Lemon pepper wings never fail to satisfy my taste buds and the fries have a special taste I can ' t get over !
You can NEVER go wrong with Tommy Bahama ' s restaurant . Save room for the coconut cake !
Forget the long line at goymon . Eat here ! ! ! ! Great customer service . Great food ! ! ! GREAT EVERYTHING !
The Pad See Ew ( pork ) was the best I ' ve ever eaten ! ! I can ' t wait to come back and try it again !
Beautiful library with a great bookstore inside for super duper discounted books , cds and dvds .
Nancy was amazing ! So professional and great deep tissue . She worked around my pregnancy belly . Highly recommend ! ! !
Came here a few months ago and wow ! Beautiful space and food is absolutely delish . Hope I can come back again as it was such a fun experience . : )
I love the pizza here . . we are from NY and just totally enjoy coming here for our pizza fix . . easy parking . . convenient location . . great people there
We had the Outlaw Scramble and the Lemon Curd French Toast . Both were delicious if we are ever back in the area we will be back !
This place is HUGE and noisy , but the food is really good . I had steak and fries , which is one of my favorite meals . The chocolate cake is awesome .
18 ounce lobster tail melts in your mouth ! The butter cake for dessert is amazing . Best service in town !
My family stumbled upon this gem by accident . Couldn ' t have been happier . 7 meat bolognas and seafood nece was to die for . Would recommend to anyone and the prices are very fair
Absolutely wonderful experience . Amazing food , great selection , wonderful taste . Great little gem .
I literally eat half a dozen of these bagels in one sitting . Delicious golden round morsels from heaven . Best in the city .
Fantastic ! Got the roast beef sandwich . Fresh ingredients , fresh bread , great flavor . Just a great sandwich ! Good size as well .
Honestly , probably the best steak I ' ve ever eaten . I ' ve been here three times and the food is always exceptional . Pricey but worth every penny .
OMG , what a great show . I laughed so hard I almost peed my pants . Hahaha . So worth it .
Since a change of chefs here this place has really tasty food now . My gosh , been multiple times lately and every time consistently exceptional tacos . Now our favorite .
I always enjoy coming here . The staff is very friendly and helpful , and I ' ve found some pretty great finds . The often have good sales that are too hard to pass up !
Loved this place in college and love it even more now . Customer service has come a long way . Breaded shrimp prawns are the bomb . Worth checking out .
These guys rock ! ! Excellent quality and customer service ! This is my " go to " and only place for over 8 years . Best floral in the valley ! !
Wow . Girl friend and I just tried this . Really high quality . Best gyro I ever had outside Greece . Not kidding . GF had ahead salad with shrimp and rice - amazing .
Excellent food and service ! Great place to eat near the strip ! Best prime rib I ' ve ever had .
Latin Nights ! Dance Merengue , Salsa , Bachata and much more . Thursday thru Monday , doors open 8pm to 4am , 21 and over No Cover .
Bread was bomb , appetizers were bomb , main course was bomb , desert was bomb , AND service was bomb , everything was BOMB ! ! ! !
Love coming here for the gelati ! Owners are super nice and it ' s always clean inside . Got the red cherry ice with vanilla custard last time and it was a perfect combination !
Great place to relax ! ! Very tranquil pool and lounging areas . Rooms are large and the service was good !
Opened on a Saturday and and the wait was so short ! The person taking the fingerprinting was very nice and explained everything she was doing ! Would definitely recommend this place to anyone needing fingerprinting !
Love Tomo ! Yummy sushi and great daily specials !
Don ' t count on dining in here , because it is small with limited seating . The almond croissant I had was absolutely perfect decadence . I can ' t wait to go back .
Great place on High Street with some great barbers . Excellent cut and very relaxing environment for the guys out there . Four TVs throughout and they ' ll offer you a beer , soda or water .
Excellent selection . The staff will make good recommendations . They are knowledgable about their products .
The pizza here was amazing . I came here with a big group and they were able to accommodate us all . I would highly recommend this place to my friends .
I went to Hachi couple days ago , I really like their menu because it explained well with picture . Their service awesome .
great food , great service . The price was a little high , but you get a lot of food . My wife and I would split a meal here and both be pleasantly satisfied .
Fresh seafood , innovative . Surprising in Madison says this guy from Massachusetts . Friendly staff . Great ambience . Try it . Seriously .
I honestly did not expect the food to be so rich and delicious . Every single bite was worth it .
Great food , great atmosphere , friendly service . Funny that all of the above are so hard to find in Toronto !
Friends and I go here all the time ! We love Kildares ! Great wings , great burgers , great brunch menu on the weekend and great serve ! Keep it up ! !
Love this nail salon . Staff is wonderful and appointments are always on time . All the nail designs are hand done . Have received many compliments on my nails . Would not go anywhere else .
Very fast and professional . Love my new haircut . It ' s my new favorite salon to get my hair done . I definitely recommend this place and would definitely go back . Thank you .
Consistently good service , experience , and food . Different atmosphere from the original location on East Blvd , but all good . They still have good Thursday beer specials .
This place has the most amazing 16 oz ribeye steak and some of the best loaded potatoes in the world . Highly recommend this joint .
Awesome little coffee shop with a great laid back and unique vibe . They have some of the best cold brew and I love that you can buy a growler of it to take home .
Got there with my daughter and could just walk in . Daughter got acrylic nails for 35 $ and for me they did manicure deluxe with gel for 25 $ . Very lovely couple and good service !
This is a great family restaurant ! Their food is great and natural . They even bake fresh treats ! I love their food .
Great service , very reasonable charges . Fixed the leak beneath my driveway . Explained everything . Highly recommend you use Nick to fix any leaks you may have .
This place is just amazing ! ! ! Love the menu options , the food is delicious and the service is excellent . ! ! Definitely the best option for lunch : )
These people went above and beyond to repair my brand - new iPhone . Highly recommend them . Great job .
It ' s got an awesome vibe . I love doing my marking there . There ' s enough outlets and their milk tea is bomb ! Super potent stuff if you need to be focused for awhile .
Probably some of the better ramen we ' ve had out in Nevada . Their spicy ramen is so good the broth is perfectly spicy .
love this place . my go to spot when i ' m in toronto . the pizza is the italian way , not north american . the salads . . . wow again .
Great food . Excellent atmosphere . Love being able to dine on the lake . One of our favorites at Lake Norman .
Come with an appetite because that is the only thing stopping you from one of the best restaurant in Toronto . Sirloin , veggies , bake potato and house bread was superbly done . Alhamdullah !
Veggie House is one of my go - to spots for Chinese vegan food . The service is spectacular , vegetables are fresh , and ambience is nice .
Great local hole - in - the - wall . Friendly service and tasty sandwiches . Had the Cuban and it was awesome .
What a pleasant surprise . . . Came with six other people and all left quite full and content . Definitely a place to return to
Staff is very knowledgeable and helpful in trying to get you exactly what you are looking for .
Excellent service , very fast and friendly . Would definitely recommend . Cost is competitive , $ 1 charge to use debit card , but worth it .
The top vegan cafe to get comfort food in uptown Phoenix . Required eating when in Phoenix .
Love the doctors , staff , flexible scheduling and most of all the wrap around support for this lifestyle journey . Thank you PP !
Came here once a year ago and came back again just to find the service still super helpful as ever . The food is so affordable and bombbbbbbbb .
This place has amazing food ! Pancakes are bigger than my whole face . The Andy Egg Benedict was soooooo good . Great customer service . And my pancakes came in a pizza box
Love that I can go into this great community space for coffee , brunch , a drink , whatever and be greeted by friendly , unpretentious folks .
I ' m so glad I used him ! It was great and everything went smoothly . Will definitely use him again .
Had my suster ' s bachelorette party here . So much fun ! It was interactive and we really let loose - a night to remember !
Awesome place the guy Colton helped me and the experience was excellent if I could I would go back easily they are very professional and the guns look brand new
Grandma style hot dark chocolate , paper thin crepes made before me or fresh puffy and crusty , just slightly oily croissant . Extra shot of espresso to kick start the day in Montreal . Perfect !
Convenient location , nice employees , great selection . Also has a 10 % military discount . Woohoo !
Best restaurant in Las Vegas . Everything on the menu is top of the line . Great service and great atmosphere
De - li - cious tacos for $ 9 straight . Consistently very cheesy with juicy meat and great toppings . Great fries and chips , too . I ' d suggest ordering ahead of time .
Had to grab last minute Valentine ' s for my family and knew this was just the place to do it ! Delicious every time .
this place is amazing . the foods are great , good service , and the scenery of the place is very comfortable and good for dinner with friends and family
Great food . Got the turkey , bacon and cheddar sandwich and it was awesome . They have a wonderful peach ale and the coconut shrimp was on par .
Always fast service here . Love Aldi ' s .
I love this place ! ! ! ! ! ! Great service and AMAZING breakfast .
They were able to take care of my car on time . The gentleman in front was very friendly .
Cute family owned place . Great pastries . Perfect omelets - nice and fluffy . And the BEST coffee ! ! Loved my cappuccino so much I had one there and one to go !
Great pizza and great food ! Delivery is always fast and food is excellent . I would recommend the antipasta salad and the Italian meat rolls !
Great food ! The atmosphere is nothing like what you would think ! Awesome outside patio area . The staff is really friendly . I love the place . A must visit ! ! !
Very knowledgeable and professional . Very thoroughly cleaned pet stained carpets at a great price ! We will be using them again .
I love their fish tacos ! ! The Cajun Jamaican style is my favorite ! ! ! The service is always good but there is always a wait ! ! The location is good but the parking is bad
Amazing ! ! ! Such a hole in the wall but so good and authentic . The portions are insane , so big had to take half home . We will be back many times .
Excellent customer service ! ! ! Mike was so personable ! It was my first time there and in from Cali ! He made me feel at Home I ' ll be back for sure
Took my car for an oil change . Everyone was so nice and the service was very quick ! Very well priced too . Definitely recommend !
Friendly people , delicious food , fast service . This is a really great place to eat in the downtown area . I had a salad and it was delicious .
Kathy is the best . She does consistent gorgeous blonde and is warm and professional . Best in town !
Best Fish & Chips I ever had . Atmosphere is awesome . A must for both residents and tourists .
Absolutely love this place ! Always great customer service and we love Sue ! - Tim & Veronica : )
My favourite spot ! Food delicious , staff friendly . Definitely worth the try ! Fresh made cheese , how awesome is that ! Go and check it out on a weekend , DJ is so cool .
Great customer service this afternoon ! Friendly staff who enjoy there job and make customers feel welcome !
Again , Amazingly delicious every time . The best greek food in town . Always fresh with deep flavors and great prices . Doesn ' t matter what location I visit . Both the same quality and service .
Authentic Turkish cuisine in the Pittsburgh area . This restaurant came highly recommended and rightly so . Delicious food , beautiful decor , and great hospitality . Looking forward to returning again and again .
Great dinner we were c coming in for a concert and it ' s very convenient to downtown food was great atmosphere good people watching overall back there cheese fondue was excellent
This place is ridiculously good . The service is impeccable ! Order artichokes when available . Order chicken Caesar salad or the corn bread . Whatever you order will be fantastic
Awesome PEOPLE with an AWESOME PRODUCT ! ! ! These cookies are amazing and I would recommend to anyone ! ! You have to try some yourself ! Awesome Job Ladies !
Great food . Great music . Great beer . Great atmosphere . Also has air - conditioning . Try the st Ambroise cream ale .
Wish I would of took a picture . The food was super good . Had the philly cheese steak , my boy had the chicken strips , and a side of onion rings . Very good .
Four Peaks Grille is our favorite brewery & best pub food in Scottsdale ! Local brews , yummy Chicken Beer Bread Sandwich !
Great people run by some awesome people . When I get married this is the only company that I will turn to for wedding planning ! !
Awesome Fruit Crepe , Croissant Egg Sandwich and Orange Scones ! ! Very friendly and relaxed atmosphere , will be coming back often !
The employees are super sweet and the strawberry poppy seed salad is amaazzzing .
Five stars for take out orders . Brownies & cinnamon rolls . Quick and easily purchased .
On time , professional and did a great job on our carpets . After reading reviews on Yelp I decided to give Noble cleaners a try and was not disappointed . Great job !
Great service and excellent food ! Place has a really nice vibe with lots of light and fresh air . Clutch spot for vegetarians - highly recommend the butter tofu , so tasty .
Simply the best pizza around ! ! P . S . A large pizza is actually a large pizza ( I guess I have to write more ) good pizza good pizza good pizza good pizza
Great salads , presented in a giant martini shaker . Food specials in the lounge were fantastic and priced right . servers were friendly , helpful and fun .
Fun , entertaining and sexy ! ! Loved the show . Make sure you do reservations . No need to upgrade to VIP the theater its small . No kids ! ! !
Everything is good and always consistent . This includes quality of food and the service !
Went there for drinks Staff was very friendly Love the juke box Bathrooms clean Great vibe Love the place
This is my favorite location . Every time I want Hawaiian food ( which is pretty often to be honest ) , I always make my way here . Food is awesome and the staff is even better !
Best food , best hospitality ! MUST VISIT IN TORONTO ! Don ' t miss Involtini . . . . Oh man ! Real food orgasm !
Nice place Friendly service and great selection of wine . A nice refuge in a busy airport . The cheese selection was varied and the burger delicious
YUM . Cute cakes , and stays moist and delicious for a while ! ! ! ! ! My FAVORITES are their lemon , white choc raspberry , and pumpkin YUMMMSSS PERFECT FOR A PARTY OR GIFT
I love the quarter ! Especially the nike store
I have been going to Haji Baba for about 18 years now and I have to say , I love , love , love Haji Baba ! Thank you for so many years of service & excellent food !
Dr Desanto and his staff are great ! So professional and friendly . He gave us the best experience with our children ! Very much recommend their practice !
Great sushi ! Great service . Great atmosphere . They have real nice private seating that you should try out for date night . Also - the 100 % best shrimp sauce !
This place is awesome ! Quick and clean ! Also have delivery ! The won ton soup is delicious ! Dragon Roll is amazing ! !
I love this mall . . . . So many great stores and places to eat . This is definitely on my favorite shopping malls .
Best eye Dr . ever ! The office is efficiant and the care is incredible . Our entire family see Dr . Rotholz . He ' s great with kids .
So happy with our camp shirts ! The gold foil looks amazing and they were super friendly and got it done quickly for us . Definitely will use them again .
Brought in our family car for a new exhaust ! The owner fixed our problem for a good price , fast and did a perfect job !
Went here for AYCE after our convention . Very friendly staff , no wait time , and good food . There are a ton of choices for rolls and appetizers ! Would definitely come back again !
I love this place ! I have been coming here for the last 4 years and they ' ve never disappointed me with their service or my moms and she ' s hard to please
Wonderful veterinary clinic ! Very caring staff . They have seen me through several difficult illnesses of family pets . Reasonable fees too .
Love this store . Love the al pastor . A torta from here is better then any other sandwhich in Lakewood . Al pastor is my favorite . A real gem .
Food was authentic , says my Polish friend who lived in Germany . Service and drinks were also great .
was really good ! ! The crepes aren ' t overwhelmingly sweet but just right ALSO try the strawberry tea it ' s SOSOSOSO good w out a doubt I LUV IT
Great service ! Their lunch buffet has lots of vegetarian options , which is great . Food isn ' t very spicy , which is a make or break for some , but it ' s very flavorful .
What a great night Food was amazing service and incredible and atmosphere prefect . We will be back
I love that there is a store where I can reliably buy comfortable , affordable , nice work clothing . Sunday morning before 10 is a great time for a relaxed shopping trip .
Am new at beading . Found the ladies there very helpful , giving me ideas and many how - tos and hints . It will be my first choice for supplies .
Absolutely Delish ! ! ! Now a regular follower ! ! ( : totally worth the wait , just order extra ! ( :
This place is so amazing customer service to the max . Very welcoming extremely helpful , precise service ! I recommend this restaurant . Very good ! !
Excellent dim sum spot . When we want to do stuff downtown this has become the go to for good food . Would recommend coming as a group so that you can try a wider variety of snacks .
Favorite neighborhood spot . Great fish and the wait staff is so sweet always a fave !
Best tapas in charlotte & the drinks are to die for . Great place to meet up with friends , clients , or cozy date night . We love Soul Gastrolounge !
Fantastic food ! Fantastic service ! My new favorite Las Vegas food spot !
Was craving BBQ so I decided to give it a try . Nikki provided exceptional service and gave me samples of their local beers . BBQ beef sandwich was excellent !
Best Thai food in town , get it to go unless u don ' t mind the somewhat dirty restaurant . Been eating there for 15 years
Awesome place in Container park ! ! Excellent food - had steak and egg tacos bottomless mimosas ! Hubby had off the hook fried chicken and waffles ! Super staff and service !
Back in town again , back here again , great steaks and service , tried recommended Sticky Toffee . . . . worth the trip JUST for this dessert ! Fantastic ! ! !
Absolutely my go to place for all things alterations and cleaning . The owners are so friendly and honest and helpful and the prices are very reasonable !
Been coming here for a couple yrs . very good at what they do . Oh and the waiting lounge is comfy
The taste of the food are good and orthodox in my opinion . And they are able to keep the spiciness of how the food should be . Overall I highly recommend this restaurant .
This place is very bright and clean . It has a nice selection of flavors !
Great food . Friendly staff . Like other reviewers , I enjoyed the kitchen tour for specials . It felt cozy . I will definitely return .
Simply put you cannot see a spring training or AFL game at a better stadium ! This place is nicer than some MLB ball parks .
The servers are friendly and quick . We were seated and waited on ! Pass on the zucchini . I can make better at home . Their garlic knots are delicious and their Pizzas were excellent .
Hole - in - the - wall breakfast spot . Healthy items , and not - so - healthy items , but everything is super yummy . Chorizo and egg tacos are my fav
Love this place when you need an escape . Great wine selection and great view ! Heard the owners changed but still love to come back to this place with friend and family when I visit Vegas .
Love the crew at this location ! Awesome drinks , awesome service ! = )
Dope ! ! ! ! ! Great customer service and the Tempura Fish tacos . . . . Omgggg delish I will definitely be returning for drinks soon .
Love love love their food ! Ordered classic guacamole , street corn , and carnitas w / corn tortillas . Amazing ! Sat at the bar . Great service and hip vibe . Pittsburgh favorite for sure !
Yummy and great service ( they ' re really nice ! ) . I love the pudding milk tea and the dandan noodles : 3
I drive up every other week from Southern California and my Terrier Mix Cooper loves it here ! The icing on the cake is it ' s affordable ! 5 stars !
Great lunch / brunch spot in Old Town . The Mr . Miami was delicious . Great spin on this sandwich with the pineapple / jalapeño dipping sauce . WOW ! !
Legit amazing . If you don ' t get the chopped salad you messed up . Also got the pasta and it was amazing too . Christopher was a great server everything was 10 / 10
This place is bomb af , don ' t miss out . It ' s a little off the strip but totally worth it . Great experience ! ! !
Quick service at a fair price . The guy came fast , he was gentle , he did not damage my door like the last time I had a different locksmith He was kinda cute too ; )
Our first time - but we will definitely be back . . very good food . . great service . . . loved the atmosphere on the back patio . .
Yummy ! Highly recommend this place for authentic Mexican tacos , great salsa and shrimp burrito ! Will be back ! ! !
Amazing corned beef and service , and prices . Great value - especially for the downtowlocation
I ' ve experienced Jessica ' s range of services , and highly recommend her . She is passionate about skin care and that passion is so evident ! I wouldn ' t hesitate to recommend Jessica !
Probably the best Mexican food on the south side ! ! ! ! I ' ve been going there for 10 + years ! ! !
I love taking my lady to Red Shoes ! They have a great selections of shoes and the owner is very friendly and always remembers my ladies shoe size without asking . Thank you Red Shoes ; )
If you ' re willing to fork out the money - - you too can taste the best steak and lobster bisque on the planet .
Best bakery ever ! ! Always fresh and good variety of bakery items . . . their snoogles . . . oh my goodness . . . But there really isn ' t anything not good there
Delicious Colombian hotdogs ! ! Everything was fresh and tasteful . They also carry Colombian sodas and fresh juices . Awesome service as well .
Always a solid choice . Great drink choices and the staff is so friendly . Sunday Brunch is the best time to go . Love it .
Great mothers day special for my wife and i foot scrub is free , with foor massage scalp massage back massage all around great deal
First time ever coming and was impressed . Everything tasted so good . My boyfriend who is super picky about bbq loved it . And the owner was the most sweetest person I ' ve have ever met .
Nothing but sweet people all around . Everyone is extremely sweet and always a pleasure to be around . ask for an organic pedicure . It ' s pretty legit .
Had the hot pot ! The best I have ever had . Great food , excellent service and friendly staff !
Great restaurant ! Our sever Exo was the best . Definitely one of the best restaurants in Vegas !
Soraya ' s kick boxing class is killer . . works the thighs and boom boom . Get crazy , do a double , sweat buckets . . . You ' ll love it !
Always impeccable customer service . I feel like I have personal shoppers everytime I walk into the store . Honest and kind service and staff always go above and beyond to make sure the customers are satisfied
No hassle in an out very little waiting . And the staff was very professional and courteous . .
Best Korean style wings I ' ve ever had an absolute must try here ! ! ! Also the stuff is super nice and everything is super clean . Love this place
Our waitress , Candace , was phenomenal ! The food was delicious and the service matched its quality ! Great environment , staff , and food !
So great to have a Rita ' s in Las Vegas ! ! Great way to beat the summer heat ! !
Fantastic pizza and antipasto dishes . We ordered the meatballs and the arancini . Both were delicious . Reasonably priced ( for Vegas ) and high quality . A great casual dining option .
Love this place everything is fresh and delicious ! areas are clean and everything is well made unlike other places very messy and uncomfortable environment . Love the seviche chips
Absolutely a MUST SEE ! ! ! I would come again and again . Celine , Diana Ross , Cher , the list goes on . The performers are amazing and absolutely beautiful ! !
The best tacos in all of Phoenix ! Shhh don ' t tell anyone about the best kept secret ! What ever they put in these tacos is addicting !
Fun comedy magic show that is both adult and kid friendly . . . super surprised he guessed my number correctly !
Great food , super friendly service and the serve my favorite beer , Negra Modelo , as well as many others .
Great little place . Treats you like a local . Eaten here 3 times a week for a month . Same overtime . Barb is always here .
Real Chinese food . In Central Illinois . Period ( ok : three ) .
Food is awesome ! Great job remodeling and a nice trendy bar . Staff and ownership is very friendly as well ! Definitely recommend Carmody ' s ! ! ! ! Best place on Neville Island !
This is a nice little shop . No drivethru , but the employees are amazing , and it ' s always a pleasant place to grab a cup . Clean and comfortable .
Why did I wait so long to review this place ! Best coffee and vegetarian sandwiches ! So tasty ! I play chess there all the time ! My go to coffee shop for chill vibes
My family and I enjoyed a wonderful dinner this evening . Our server Khutso took excellent care of us so be sure to request him on your next visit .
Simple menu with plenty of variety . Liked the spicy beef noodle soup alot , will be back to try more .
Hands down the best gas prices in town and the employees are always friendly and kind
Awesome I love this place tasty appetizer delicious food Fast service polite and friendly I highly recommend this restaurant
Lots of Tvs and great food . Love the large booths too . Been here several times and loved it every time . I like the crab legs ! Yum !
Amazing customer service here ! ! First putting air in our ties than finally repairing tire . All done free of charge . Highly recommend Boulder City Utah Big O Tires .
Claribel is fantastic ! She gives a beautiful pedicure , my feet always feel amazing afterward ! !
I love this place . Absolutely everything you would expect of a solid breakfast diner . Biscuits are gravy are awesome . Go early on the weekends to avoid a wait .
Blown away by the food ! This is a great gem in Charlotte . Creative menu that ' s always changing and a stellar wine list . Service was perfect !
The food at this place is PHENOMENAL , tacos are bomb , salsa is bomb , Elote is fire , love everything about this place ! Highly recommend , A + in my book !
Great breakfast and our server Allyson was super friendly and made great suggestions . The coffee was some of the best coffee I ' ve had at a restaurant . Worth the wait .
I am very happy to have found this medical clinic . Convenient location , friendly staff and fast service .
I visited this store because of the great reviews . They had knowledgable staff . Also they had good selection . Definitely visit this book store if you are in vegas .
Best in Phoenix and it ' s not even close . Location leaves a bit to be desired but the food is always excellent , variety unmatched .
Great coffee . . . Chai tea latte is perfect and my friend had the coconut almond latte . . . So good !
Delicious food . Good service . Busy on weekends . Delicious gluten - free options . Try the gluten - free waffles !
Metro Fire keeps us compliant and more . Our exit lights always work , our extinguishers are up to date and Kent Rassmussen represents well !
Have stopped in a few times for a latte , so I feel confident in saying they provide consistently excellent coffee . Pastries are no slouch , either .
Phenomenal ! Wonderful service and atmosphere . My food was outstanding . I can ' t recall a better meal . Lobster Bisque , prime Rib , creamed spinach , bacon spatzel . Perfection !
This place it ' s a classic . I ' ve been coming here for 30 years and hope to visit for another 30 .
Clean , spacious , quite , and nice breakfast
Fantastic food and the service was exceptional . I had the chicken parm sub , delicious , and the girls had hamburger pizza and pepperoni roll that were both awesome . Thinking about going back today !
Wow ! ! ! I might have max out my Platinum Amex here for a one of a kind fix $ 375 dinner ! ! I guess only the French can do this ! !
Wow the sushi was spectacular and the staff was outstanding . The quantities are ginormous and the cheesecake was delish . Definitely my favorite sushi stop now
I have been extremely happy with Delilah " s . The staff there is always so nice and helpful . Also , the items I have had cleaned there come out very nice .
Can ' t go wrong at five guys . Double cheese burger with sautéed unions and a1 sauce , and Cajun fries .
Great customer service and great food . Prices are great for what you get . Their cornbread is amazing .
Had a wonderful foot and body massage . Very professional and price is within the top 10 spa ' s in Vegas .
Fantastic selection of craft beer . My pooch also approves , he gets handfuls of treats every visit .
maybe I had a different experience compared to most other reviewers since I went in at 1am , but the staff was very friendly and willing to help .
The food was amazing ! Calamari and edema was appetizers were the best ! Joe was attentive and made sure everyone left happy .
This place is great and really close to my workplace . Friendly people work here , makes it worth the walk .
Wow ! ! I was absolutely blown away by Sugo ! Get the Peasants Dinner , even better with wine parings . This may have been my best dining experience in Calgary , ever .
Fantastic dining , similar taste and feel to the purple pig in Chicago . The bar tenders are fantastic , the food is amazing . And the live violinist was unbelievably talented .
Our go - to lunch place when we visit family from Texas . Bread is really fresh , soup is amazing , and meat is fresh . Always worth the trip to Lakewood .
Huge portions . Had shrimp tacos and it was good . Jalapeño chicken is also highly recommended .
We came as a walking and Ricky was able to cut my son ' s hair right before closing time , honestly a really good hair cut now we know where to go ! ! !
1st time here near our New Home . Store has some paper on the floor . Tables are pretty clean . Ordered a iced Carmel Macchiato . It was very good . Would visit this store again . .
Love this place ! Good , fresh , reliable sushi ! The menu isn ' t extensive but is good ! Great combos and great lunch prices ! Nice and cheap !
The employees here are extremely helpful and friendly ! They also have a great bike selection and are quite knowledgeable when it comes to specific types of bikes and what is best for you personally .
Soooo good ! Baked feta is to die for ! Best tasting gyros around ! Great service and friendly staff ! !
I stopped in for a protein smoothie after a workout . I experienced excellent customer service and a satisfying product at a great price ! I will definitely stop back in . Thank you One Stop !
I love New China . The service is always fast and fresh ! The sweet tea is amazing . Yes , Chinese takeout is everywhere but no one can Beat NEW China in Belmont !
Best breakfast burritos in town , hands down ! Go for the supreme with green salsa , perfection .
Came recommended by The Adam Savage and truly enjoyed it . Amazing service , salad , bread ! I think I enjoyed the bread most , the beet root salad next , the Chicken , I loved everything .
Love this place ! We visit Scottsdale every year and this is one of our must go places . Our favs are jalapeno cornbread , prime rib , and the roasted chicken . Yummy !
Great food and great beer . My only complaint is that there isn ' t a location closer to my house ! Keep expanding in the valley ! ! !
Awesome place for Korean bbq ! Very nice services and perfect foods ! I will definitely come back ! ! !
Great food and decent service . Lobster pho is delicious . Variety of dishes in menu looks good .
I lived in Los Angeles for several years and enjoy vintage shopping . When I traveled to Tempe on business , I discovered the Meat Market Vintage shop . They carry quality vintage clothing and great prices .
Best cheese cake ! Better than Junior ' s in Brooklyn . Service helpful and food delicious . Great evening !
Good food , great wine , nice atmosphere . . fun times ! I love the big ass burro & coffee for breakfast on the weekends & the music & wine in the evenings .
Got a spray tan before my trip to Cape Cod , Alison was wonderful ! My tan looks amazing and natural ! Highly recommended ! !
I lost my key and had to go in today to get a key made . I was helped by Robb Thomas at the front desk . He was very professional and very helpful ! Aweosme guy ! Thanks
Chef Antonio is the best thing that ' s happened to this place . . . . out of this world . . . .
Kip was great ! Super nice guy and does fabulous work ! I even got him to tint some windows in my house . Kudos to an excellent tint job on my car !
3 words : carne asada fries ! if this truck is with in your reach don ' t miss out ! My husband loves both their green chili burger and the bbq burger as well ! good stuff
always a good wash we have a fast pass , friendly staff clean car what more can u ask
This really is a great shop . They seems to have adjusted their prices lately to be much more competitive on pricing . That staff have always been helpful , always willing to answer questions .
Wonderful food and service as always ! We enjoyed the Knockout , Filet , Salmon , Horseradish mashed potatoes and warm chocolate brownie tonight .
Had such a great time here highly recommend the Effen Sake Bomb such a fun way to drink it ! Coming back for more . . . food was delish had the salmon
Pizza here is phenomenal , great crust , generous fresh toppings . I ' m down in Woodbine from the NW to house - sit and will need to make special trips from the NW for this pizza !
Staff is always very nice and happy . Portions are large . I have not had anything on the menu that I wouldn ' t order again . Love the Super Nacho ' s ! !
Good Hawaiian / Korean style food and good island people .
Sean was great and very detailed oriented . He made my 2 black cars beautiful and looking new again . I ' ll definitely use him again .
Specials ( pumpkin pancakes today ) are great ! Super friendly staff .
Had incredible ribeye steak & a Mac n cheese dish . Perfect !
Country Fried Steak for the win . . . the coffee is local and its delicious .
Corey has 5 star customer service skills and the pizza was on point ! Best Papa John ' s around ! !
Great food , highly recommended chicken shawarma , gyro & kabobs . Take out , or eat in . Family owned and operated who work hard .
Great pizza . Definitely has it ' s hat in the ring for best in the city .
So far , it ' s the best ribeye steak I ' ve ever had . Very juicy and tasty . Can ' t go wrong with this dish .
Everyone is friendly when you walk in & Ray is the best ! He listens to what you want & I always love my style when I leave . Cut & color he does an amazing job !
Good all - around experience great service . Took the time to explain services performed . Completed ahead of time . Returned bike cleaned like new . I won ' t take my bike any where else
I am a repeat customer . I was happy to come back to Zimbrick in Sun Prairie . We worked closely with Levon Crawford and he was the best .
Friendly service , fresh and delicious food - - A truly local and consistently excellent establishment !
This was my first place to experience middle eastern food and it is still my favorite after over 20 years ! I love the food , the people and the prices .
It was definitely a package of Mexican experience . Great food , service and atmosphere . Definitely coming back for more .
Just took a Spanish knot bracelet class with Tara . . . she was awesome ! Very patient and explained in down to earth terms . My first bead class and I am hooked !
Gorgeous office & cheerful staff but most importantly Dr . Wallin treats you like a friend & is very truthful !
Awesome service , exquisite food , lovely setting . Jerry was our server and was knowledgeable and attentive .
Local gem . Just found by accident . So glad we did . We are from the OC and this place rivals some the best . Great service , fresh fish , creative special rolls .
We had the best time ! The trails are clearly marked and the RZR was a blast to drive ! We had 4 adult friends and everyone had fun and took turns driving . I would highly recommend !
Great customer service . Beyond what was necessary . Thank you !
Very authentic Mediterranean food ! Loved their Turkish coffee . Everything is delicious and reasonably priced .
Great food great atmosphere and great people . The owner / cook is amazing and the guy behind the bar as well . Very friendly and real authentic Caribbean food
TJ was super helpful . Good honest and clean mechanic shop ! Will do business here again !
Absouloty the best Amazing Chicken in town ! We Tried the OMG roll last night d it was OMG ! It was on fire and tastes great . Great service very friendly people . Priced right !
This place is definitely one of the best tanning spas I have been to . The beds are always clean and the staff is super friendly .
Awesome food and fabulous service . A must for Vegas . Gonna go home and try to duplicate the fantastic sauce
Best Roast Beef ( by a chain ) by far ! Great food , and exceptional customer service . Cookies are good too !
Amazing staff that really knew how to work with the kids . The kids , had an absolute blast . . Great over all experience . Great for your kid 5th b day party .
Great place , really clean ! Friendly staff and a lot of recycling going on .
Love crepes ! They r the best in pittsburgh ! Wanna try real French crepes that ' s where you can get it !
I ordered a bouquet delivered to a friend , I described over the phone what I wanted it to look like and Blooming Expressions exceeded my expectations . What a wonderful experience and my friend loved her flowers !
Great time . Jack and Corry were awesome guides . We went for a bachelor party and it ' s definitely a fun thing for the group .
Best chicharron burrito in Phoenix for sure . . been eating at this place since the mid 90 ' s
This is the ONLY place where my husband and I eat sushi . Love the baked roll options . Edamame is great , love the beer choices . We try and go monthly when we ' re able !
Nachos are so good ! Blood orange Paloma was exactly what I expected . Server was friendly , knowledgeable , and efficient .
He is the best dentist in Las Vegas for sure ! Very professional , understanding and communication was great ! Highly recommended and if you have any questions feel free to contact me .
My favorite nail spa in Arizona ! I ' ve lived in Arizona my whole life and this is the best service and nail spa I ' ve ever been to ! Love love love it
I am in NYC and ordered cupcakes to be delivered to a family in Cleveland . They were pleasant to work with , prompt , and everything went off without a hitch !
Pretty descent pizza place ! We ordered the coconut shrimp and italian sausage pizza - both were delicious ! Will definitely be back !
Amazing cocktails . . . . sloe burn a real winner . Delicious appies too ! Service very friendly , professional , yet super fun !
Lots of great old books , plus they will buy some of your books for cash . True old school bookstore .
I love this place ! Reasonable pricing for professional service . My knives are in investment and Corey keeps them sharp which makes my work so much more fun !
Good solid fresh food and hearty portions . Reasonable prices and nice variety . They owned a diner in North Jersey . Family owned . They know what they are doing .
We love this place ! Great fish tacos and the best coconut shrimp . We are from Colorado but make sure we come here every time we are in Chandler , Az .
I don ' t think I ' ve had anything here I don ' t like . Always consistently good food . I like their sodas , and their burgers are awesome . Definitely recommend .
Loved this place the pastrami sandwiches and the fries were magnificent tried the cheesecake was nice and creamy so yummy . I would recommend this place to anyone and I will come back again next time .
I have mini dachshunds who are expecting puppies I will be going to barking dogs before the photo shoot with all the puppies to groom them can ' t wait ! ! ! !
Favorite sushi place in all of charlotte ! I try to go down here at least once a month . Get the Carolina Blue sake martini and the shrimp pot stickers !
This should be mandatory for newlyweds . Funny , factual and yet so true . I wish all comedy shows were this good . Patiently waiting for his next show .
This place is gorgeous , love the place love the service , fun atmosphere . The prices are right The menu is healthy Recommended
Always a gastronomic experience for me and my family . My daughters love the food and the entire place in general . The staff is always accommodating and very kind to our children . Love this place !
Very good selection of name brands and private label . Great to buy in bulk and freeze in smaller portions .
Be careful yelp sent me the wrong location . . . was passing through town had to ask some locals where it was located . . . the service is very friendly and the food was good
I have been to quite a few steak house throughout Las Vegas and this without a doubt my favorite . The food was amazing and the overall experience was excellent .
What can you say that others haven ' t ? Always amazing . Music bumpin and awesome atmosphere with consistently exceptional food .
Tj is amazing he really knows his stuff ! He truly cares about his customers and builds awesome computers . Great family owned business ! ! ! !
Excellent breakfast , large portions . Pancakes with blueberries and crumbled bacon very good . Chicken fried steak with gravy , potatoes and two eggs outstanding !
Excellent food ! Caesar salad , chopped salad , smoked burger and Cuban sandwich were all very high quality . The service was prompt and very polite .
So much fun ! Had dinner there Saturday night - - service was awesome , food was great , and the atmosphere is one of the best in Scottsdale for just having a good time .
Order anything on the flat bread . . . soo good ! Above the great tasting food the service and people behind the counter are super nice . Very happy I stumbled across your restaurant .
Believe the reviews . . . . . Saturday morning air out at 6 : 30 . . . air fixed by 10 nuff said .
Awesome cafe ! Drinks were inexpensive and very well made . Best part is the nerdy atmosphere . Love it !
the BESt tomahawk steak - - - ever ! the sides - - - all of them , ( yes we ordered ALL ) were all so amazing . . . . the calamari was an added bonus !
Thank you people of yelp for sharing your feelings about the apple fried rings . They are truly awesome !
3 topping large pizza 9 . 99 . Good quality toppings , tasty chewy dough , fresh tomato sauce even with little tomato bits . Friendly pizza man . Nothing more to say
Had breakfast here and the employee was the only one working . He completed my order and was able to assist others without taking a long time . Very clean establishment .
Very good . Loved the ambiance and the food is delicious and the people are super nice and friendly .
Absolutely amazing ambiance and food ! Long wait times on Sunday , but the Tartine was worth the wait .
Amazing place ! ! Love the vibe and the food , you have to try the El Chapo Roll ! ! Perfect place if you are celebrating a bachelorette or birthday ! !
Good price 6 . 99 for large portion of food with spring roll and egg drop soup
Good place but a little pricey imo . . . Great service but i think i ' ll stick to jimmy johns or subway . . .
Love the atmosphere here . Clean salon . Everyone is friendly and service is great . Love the pedi chairs ! I brought in a Pinterest design and they nailed it . My go to salon now .
One of the top Montréal cuisine ! Cozy ambiance , good service and delicious food ! Lots of choices of seafood ! Menu change often so always a good surprise . Highly recommended !
You have to try lollipop chicken and bombay chicken . It is probably the best hakka place around this area .
Pete and his other handyman was great ! They were on time , quick , and did a great job . I would def hire him again .
Loved it ! Went for lunch on saturday . The buffet had a nice spread and filled on time . loved the crawfish , calamari and cheese mussels . will certainly visit again !
Service was excellent , and some of the best pizza around . Certainly situated in the tourist district , but never felt trapped .
Perfect neighborhood spot . Solid food - pasta and sandwiches . Diverse menu . Highly recommend if in the area .
On a recent trip to Phoenix I decided to go to Cowboy Ciao . The food was excellent and the restaurant had a great wine selection . I would highly recommend the signature salad !
Great food and even more great , friendly and caring staff . The ambience is great and the entire staff gave good attention .
Good food , great service , and good price . The food is fresh and well seasoned and arrives quickly .
The food is good but it 25 minutes to make 2 hot dogs spent my whole lunch break waiting instead of eating . . . and they werent that busy but only one girl cooking
Fantastic place ! Large portions , excellent quality ingredients , and really friendly enthusiastic staff . Highly recommended .
T Nails is the best nail salon in Vegas ! Great Prices , the most nicest staff ! I come every 2 weeks ! Definitely need to come here for amazing quality on your nails !
Great shop for magic the gathering players ! Helpful staff and large clean space in the back for players to play . There is also other great selection of comics and toys .
Wanted a relaxing night in an outdoor environment . Had a delicious margarita pizza with great sangria . Would highly recommend a visit and a dine - in experience !
Awesome food ! Staff was very friendly and helpful ! I ' m very surprised to see the bad reviews ; my experience was wonderful and I will definitely be back !
Food was great . Just opened and this place is well needed . Loved the fries and the chicken sandwhich . Killer flavor and soon to be a landmark .
best hotdogs I have ever had in my life , naked turkey with ched chipotle guava and pickle mango on fleek
The single best Chinese restaurant on campus . Hands down . Period . The Taiwanese Chicken Rice and cheap and quality but everything else is expensive A good place for a group of people for sure !
This place never lets me down when I ' m in the mood for wonton noodle soup . Great price , simple menu , good quality food .
Hands down my favorite restaurant in Madison . Consistently amazing , and I eat here about once a week .
My wife and I celebrated our anniversary here and really enjoyed the food and service . It ' s nice that the location is separate from the casino level with outdoor seating .
Absolute delight . Tried both salad & wraps . . . will def come back when in champaign . Veggies were fresh , dressing were tasty & at a reasonable price ( 9 - 11 $ )
Yvonne was amazing with my nervous spaz of a canine son . He looks great and I can tell he knows it ! She was also super profesh ! Thanks , Yvonne !
Great wrangler very knowledgeable about history , geography , plant and animal life . Horse was very gentle . Ride was desert scenic .
I went there last Saturday and I was really impressed with chicken kabob with special style rice . Galric naan was good too ! I plan to come here more often again . : )
Outstanding food , huge portions and very friendly service . . . if you haven ' t tried it , you definitely should !
I " m so happy I found this place ! friendly staff and the place is really clean . . got mirienda time halo halo and bilo bilo yum yum I will definitely be back .
I had warden and sons do a painting and concrete staining job . They were very professional , and the end product was second to none . Highly recommended .
Great Middle Eastern cuisine . Chick schwarma so good but the babaganoush is to die for . Unbelievably fresh . A ton of food for a great price . Have been a few times and never disappointed .
They ' re always friendly with amazing service and very helpful + they have a tremendous amount of vegetarian options that are absolutely delicious .
I LOVE these sandwiches ! OMG they are delicious . Customer service is always good . I didn ' t even know they were there . . . . otherwise I would have gone a lot sooner !
I came here with my four year old , got a bunch of veggie dishes and we ate and ate . Everything was delicious and fun .
Perfect food . Perfect people perfect family . This is one of the Finest true Italian Bistros in the valley . You must make it a regular destination .
By far the best home goods in the area ! Sometimes I chose not to go to this location because of how much more I spend . LOVE !
Date Night ? ? ? Family Dinner ? ? Or just in the mood for Japanese ? ? ? ? Cafe Sanuki hits the spot . . . .
I absolutely love this store ! I could stay there all day finding unique furniture . I ' ll be back many more times !
Nothing but wonderful , delicious Mexican food here - - along with a great and friendly staff . Run , don ' t walk . . . We ' ll definitely be back .
Never change your facade , your name , your vintage rooms , your 50 cent roulette tables , your prime downtown location or your fascinating clientele . Just never change and everything will be ok .
Great dinner . Easily one of the best in my life . Great service , excellent food . Make sure you share . Get appetizers . Lobster tacos were to die for !
one of the best breakfast restaurants i have gone to ! great biscuits and gravy . and great country fried steak . server wass kind and helpful . recomend to anyone looking for a great breakfast !
This was by far the best steak dinner I have ever had . And the truffle sauce with the fries just makes my mouth water and want more ! I can ' t wait to go back !
Great options for looking better . Cool sculpting really works and hair removal underarms is fast and painless . Kelly is fantastic . She is very conscientious .
Wonderful ! ! Great food ! Great desserts ! ! ! ! Great people and the ambience is great ! Love it ! ! !
The crab noodles are amazing ! The house wine is quite good . Have had the pleasure of eating here several times and the service is great and all items on the menu so far were wonderful !
This place is a hidden gem ! The sushi and quality of the food here exceeds expectations , might even be the best in AZ . P . s all day happy hour Monday - Thursday : )
Best barber shop in AZ . Great gentleman , perfect atmosphere , don ' t play yourself by going anywhere else
Wow . . . . great organic food ! ! ! Fries are great ; burgers awesome , and organic soda . Service was amazing
Great service and friendly staff . Clothes are always ready on time and a great value . Been using this dry cleaner weekly for a couple of years and am very happy with them .
This barbershop is clean ! My boys have gone to all of the barbers and I have been pleased every time . Professional and personable is how I would describe them .
Food great . Drinks great . Service great . Get the Porter house steak cooked medium rare .
Tasty appetizers , dinner and dessert ! Close to the convention center and nearby hotels .
Amazing service . Amazing food . One of my absolute favorite places to eat . They have the fluffiest scrambled eggs ever !
good pad tai . wanton soup was relish . crab Rangoon was awesome would go back for sure .
Amazing little house . You can even rent a room stay in . Michelle the tour guide was extremely friendly . Interesting little unknown tidbits about the movie .
Great for breakfast , super friendly server and very convenient to Planet Hollywood had a breakfast quesadilla . Surprisingly tasty . Not overpriced compared to on the hotel
The food is really good with fair prices . The service is always fast and on point . Cool looking place with a flair .
Different from any Thai place I ' ve had in Phoenix ( eg Thai Rama , Thai basil , Thai elephant ) I loved the flavor of the curries and I would definitely come back again .
Great portions . Great customer service . Well ran and clean A must visit . Chicken and waffles left us satisfied and stuffed . Quick refill on our drinks and attentive staff .
My family absolutely loves canes . Service is always great and friendly . And the food is consistently good . They always make us feel special !
It ' s like a mini daiso Japan in California . I love all their stuff ! ! ! Cute fun things to buy
This is one of the best little Italian restaurants that I have been to in Vegas . Quickly becoming a favorite spot for my friends and I . Highly recommend !
Just in town for the weekend . Stopped in for a quick one and a snack . Had two beers and the poutine . House IPA
Everything I ' ve tried here has been amazing . There is a waitress there named Debbie & just the sweetest lady ever .
Adam was super friendly . Communicated with me right until day of tint . Great mobile service , would definitely recommend
Paul and staff are really great at what they do ! Amazing knowledge and unbeaten service sets this location apart .
This is a great gym . I have been to better facilities but at least this one is kept clean and the staff is pleasant .
Omg bomb ! I got the torta with ham , milanesa , and pork . Also the breakfast burrito . Takes a little bit but beyond worth the wait !
The service is quick and efficient . They give great portion sizes . Their French toast is delicious , me and my husband are hooked .
Biscuits are great ! Atmosphere is nice as well . A hipster biscuit place is definitely a new concept to me . . . but if I had to describe it that ' s what it is !
We went here to celebrate a birthday . The atmosphere was just right , Service was great and the food was awesome . On my list to come back ! Thank you for making our celebration wonderful .
Club house staff is always very friendly . Just went golfing and had a blast . We meet here every Wednesday for networking and the servoce is always on point .
This was my first visit to benefit to get my brows done . Melissa did an awesome job ! They do the wax and then use the benefit product to finish up and my eyebrows were on point !
Expensive but good for " fast food " Indian . Honestly , the no fee on Uber eats makes it hard to resist . The not so secret sliders were great !
My go - study spot ! Great atmosphere good coffee and baked goods if needed . Owner and workers are very friendly and I love their iced loose leaf tea flavor of the day !
Simple , fresh food . Gorgeous soroununding , good service . Very laid back . Lovely . . A nice place to go for lunch
Very nice place . Good espresso and cosy atmosphere . Little piece of Australia ( where I have never been : - ) in the middle of Toronto .
Beef is superb . It ' s not seasoned but you use the bowls of great pickled Korean sauces to do that . Best Korean I have ever had .
Antjuan and the A team did an awesome job planting our trees . They were quick and efficient . Recommend them anytime to do your landscaping . Thanks you guys and thank you moon valley nursery .
Jenny & the rest of the crew do amazing work ! Great customer service & relaxing atmosphere . The best salon in town !
For an all you eat place the fish is very fresh . And they dot make the blocks of rice so big you fill up in ten minutes . I ' m impressed .
If you like taking pictures and hiking this is the place . One of the places I enjoyed the most to visit I went at the coldest part of the year
Good coffee and great service . Workers are really nice . They have good conversation at checkout . Come here for coffee and to just hang out too .
Always perfect ! I love the red sauce . We always feel like we order a lot of food but it goes . The kids love the garlic bread and pepperoni bites
I ' ve been to the great greek several time and the food is always delicious ! Unfortunately they close wayyy to early !
The best sweet ricotta around ! So delicious . The ambiance was incredible as well , and service was swift . We had a very pleasant experience here !
Love this place ! ! Sushi and the teppanyaki is always delicious . The service is great and happy hour is really good .
Randomly chose this place to eat and it was excellent . The service was great , the food was yummy , awesome atmosphere , chill cool place with a nice bar . Definitely will return .
Excellent meal here ! So many great flavors and textures , our Red Sea plate was enough to feed 2 of us and the dosa served with it is phenomanal !
The servers are just fabulous . The pizza is very tasty and cooked to perfection over all a great place to eat .
This place is amazing ! Wow , I didn ' t know vegetarian food could taste so good . And the service is really good . General Tzu ' s " chicken " was the best !
The location , decor , and drinks are all amazing . I can ' t wait to go back and have another delicious rye old fashioned !
I love MOCCA ! ! It always has some amazing installation art pieces . And somehow it lightens me up whenever I feel down .
カウンター席で 人生経験豊かなヒロさんと色々とお話しながら 本日のお勧めの寿司を お任せで 頂くのが 最高の楽しみ方です。その日は ボストンからの大トロ、ニューブロンズウィック産の馬糞うにの 握りが最高でした。トロントでは珍しいフグの天ぷらとフグの皮の煮こごりに舌鼓を打ちました。旬のものをたくさん取り入れた 寿司以外のメニューも魅力的です。みなさんも是非一度ご来店ください。
Love this place . Best Barbacoa in town ! ! ! Great service and great food ! ! Chicken burritos are awesome ! I love those fresh salsa and condiments . Fresh chips and great tacos !
Highly recommend this place for KBbq lovers ! Delicious food , excellent and friendly service , nice and clean place , reasonable prices - All you need to enjoy your meal !
The udon here is great nice setup here to get your food creative and traditional udon and plenty of sides and the bill was very reasonable .
Great ambiance , fantastic menu choices from salads to ramen , good service . Is a must stop in Montreal .
Probably the best massage I ' ve ever had . Thank you Jesse for an amazing session ! You didn ' t miss a spot and worked deeply into my problem areas . I feel so much better
JOSH BRANDON LEVI & CISCO ! ! You guys made our trip so awesome , these guys were more than accomadating & super friendly . Honestly I couldn ' t imagine a better experience , definitely recommended ! !
Perfect service which makes the rest irrelevant , see what I did there . . . ; - ) . I had an awfulnexperieince last night so tonight was just what was needed ! Thanks George W Bush
Awesome foot rub , very well priced , nice staff . Around many good places to eat also . I definitely recommend it if you are in Vegas ! Will be coming back again .
LOVE this place ! Great sushi and super nice ! ! A weekly spot for me ! !
Food was amazing ! Ordered the Tails Basket and the Lemon Pepper Basket flavor was perfect . Each basket comes with hush puppies and fries portions are good . Recommend this place 100 %
Much more delecious hongshao beef noodles than the one which is near jialefu
Mike and Roxanne ! Te best people in the restaurant . So nice and great customer service . The food is really good too ! Loved loved the experience . Will definitely be back !
The best Walmart I ' ve been to . The only sucky thing is they are no longer 24 hours .
We loved the food , the atmosphere , and the warm friendly service . This took me back to my Hungarian roots . Just loved being there !
The curry chicken is amazing . The staff is very friendly . Make sure to try their different varieties of bread , amazing to say the least . Best Indian food in the west valley .
Excellent service , food was delicious . We were in a hurry to get to a concert and they were very accommodating .
ate a damn good meal here last week . . indulgent to the max , but quite the welcome to madison . . . burger , cheese curds , spotted cow . recipe for success !
Friendly staff tire prices are good open 24 hours . Fixed my flat for me in a hurry . Been here multiple times and always a good experience
I have been a patient here for over 15 years and they continue to give us good service I had an emergency and they got me in same day
Very good pizza and wings definitely our go to place in the neighborhood , doesn ' t taste like chain pizza ! ! !
I had a great Hamman ritual with Vanessa . It was wonderful and left my skin silky smooth . The black soap was incredible - unlike any soap I ' ve ever seen .
the only place i go for shooting practice , the staff are great , free drinks and you dont have to bring eyes and ear protection plus a free target silhoutte , what else do you need
This is my favorite restaurant in Madison . I prefer the Willy St location to the Atwood location . Small , cozy , friendly , excellent food .
Wife approves and that says everything ! Clean and not to mention the latest equipment !
Love this place . There staff is awesome and foods incredible ! ! ! My boyfriend and I always have a great experience there !
LOVE Dutch Bros , so much that I don ' t mind the wait . My coffee is always on point and everyone is always so friendly .
The best Mexican food in town . Always great no matter what location 24 hrs a day . The carne asada nachos are the bomb and can feed at least 2 people .
Love this place ! Great customer service , the whole family is very nice & welcoming . Food is amazing , really the best wings in town !
My first time at this hospital was great the nurses were nice always made sure i was okay and took very good care of me I recommend this hospital and the food was amazing
Update - Ed is great ! He truly cares by making sure to address all your needs and concerns .
Sharron groomed my yorkie . Did an amazing job ! Super inexpensive . Wonderful customer service . Awesome place . I ' d highly recommend this groomers for any breed of dog ! !
I love this place nice waitresses and desserts are awsome and their is always something differnt . yuzu soda is off the hook
The food was great , and so was the beer . Service was really prompt too . This was my first time trying Ukrainian food , and I was greatly impressed !
Great shop . Part of National chain that warranties my repair for nation wide . They got my car fixed in exactly the amount of time they promised and my car looks as good as new .
Hat ' s off to the chef , and staff , but especially the chef , all of the food here is amazing , and to top it off the music and ambiance is great as well !
Love dine here , nice food ! The fresh fish are come from japan , taste very good ! Daily specials are highly recommended ! Servers are nice !
These guys are awesome . Each barber has a specific style so try them all and then stick with the one you like but they ' re each VERY good at their respective styles .
Just brought my friend @ justinlivingston in to buy a gun . He ended up buying 3 because the prices were so good . We even shot the 50 cal what an experience . Thank you Derby @ Gungarage
I always have a blast at this bar and the bartenders are super nice ! Drinks are a fair price and they have some fun drag queens to watch .
So happy to find such gem of a place in the Dessert ! ! ! We will definitely visit again and again !
Prompt response , great advice , and a thorough inspection
This clinic provides fast service and great care . The staff and providers are very attentive and knowledgeable .
Went on a friend ' s recommendation and was blown away by the great appetizers , drinks and sushi . Crowded , small location in a basement , but it ' s a cool space !
If you want friendly servers and wait staff , not to mention the owners you have to stop here . Their Italian food is authentic and delicious .
Super yummy ! The gyro and chicken pita were delicious . Service was wonderful and very friendly .
Love this little dry cleaner . Staff is friendly , clothes always look great and it ' s decently priced !
Excellent Service & Excellent Food ! ! From the moment we walked in the service was great ! The food was delicious and very well recommended for families .
Excellent food and personalizd service . We were treated like old friends although the first time there . Tucked away on Mt Washington . Highly recommend . BYOB with a corking fee .
Great team of dental professionals . From the office staff to the hygienist to the dentist . They are all friendly , professional and great to work with !
The burgers are excellent and service was great ! I Recommend this place if your in down town Gilbert !
This place was amazing ! The food was authentic and the service was super friendly . Reasonable prices and big portions . I would highly recommend it .
Love this office ! Great pricing and specials . Same day treatment with lots of payment options ! Doctor has lots of years of experience and the assistants and front office girls can do it all .
The food was excellent . George was great . My father was impressed ( he ' s hard to please ) .
The crawfish were really good . They have the Urban sauce which was really good . They server was really nice and out going . Good place to go eat .
Just had my backyard done today and I couldn ' t be happier ! Looks amazing , David and his crew left my home in great shape and the quality of the product is outstanding ! ! !
Best blow out I ' ve ever had , my hair has never looked better . Thank u I ' m so happy with it
best sushi in the GTA . the staff are really friendly
Very good experience , had the chili and Forester Burger . Both were great , def would come back .
Not from Arizona and I was craving coffee decided to check this place out over the usual Starbucks and it was great ! Service and ambience was perfect !
very good food and very good severce！we have so wonderful steak here！
Donuts done right ! They are huge and very yummy ! ! The free donuts holes with your purchase is just an added bonus ! !
The best barbecue just outside of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania located in presto PA . The chicken , the ribs , the sandwiches , the side dishes , the everything is good . Presto Pennsylvania
yummy ! ! ! can ' t wait for the new one to open in willoughby . . . only bad thing is because everyone likes it so much , long waits : (
Excelente servicio ( pregunten por Cesar Gutiérrez ) , la comida muy buena y el trago . . . ufff ! ! tienen que probar las margaritas y las micheladas ! !
You can ' t go wrong with these guys . AAAA + + + treatment from the moment I walked in the door . Reasonable pricing as well .
Brooke does an amazing job with our hyper dog . The cut was exactly what I wanted . Short but not buzzed . Great customer service , communication and easy to book an appointment .
This place is great ! It ' s really cheap ( money wise ) but the food and drinks are on point .
This place is quick , cute , and simply delicious . It ' s almost like a portal back in time ! Keep up the good stuff .
Great food , passed my expectations . Good coffee and pastries as well , and the server was nice . Cozy clean environment , felt like a little taste of France .
The food was great and the staff was even better . Very funny folks . Good basic restaurant . Knowledgeable staff . The baklava was great .
Great food ! Wait staff was attentive , and taught our table about each food and the best way to cook .
Jarrod assisted us and was wonderful ! Bought a 38 Sig Sauer and I love it ! Great customer service Jarrod !
Delicious ! Best sushi I have ever had ! Quick and friendly service . Will definitely be back . Mmmmm so good !
The food was excellent . Perfect birthday dinner with the perfect potted flowerpot for dessert .
Super friendly . Great prices . Christina was awesome . I am very happy with mani and pedi
Super fast service with excellent results ! Big J is right man to detail your car . My 2010 Acura looks brand new .
The girls were very helpful picking out cat eye color . Professional , clean and they did a great job !
It ' s hard to give this place a bad review . With quality ingredients I made an excellent pizza . Great service and beer and wine you can ' t get enough !
Best iced Chocolate Mocha drink ever . Not too sweet . Everything tasted as if it was made from scratch . Quant non assuming cafe in working neighborhood . Don ' t miss when in Vegas !
First time here . Fast and friendly . Came out with beautiful gel nails . Thanks . Definitely will be back and tell my friends about it .
I ' m writing this review from another pho restaurant across town , WISHING I was eating Jimmy ' s pho from Pho Bistro . All other places are honestly tasteless . This place is the best ever .
In town for the weekend so followed reviews on yelp . Didn ' t dissappoint . Great food and very friendly staff . Made to feel welcome .
Fantastic family friendly show . Lots of laughs , great magic and a clean show in the afternoon . This is a must see show on everyone ' s list for Las Vegas .
A real vegas gem ! Authentic asian food that is actually fresh . Great variety . Will definitely be back !
Amazing people , very kind hearted , works fast and excellent everyone should come over and check them out !
Great bakery ! They use high quality ingredients , REAL butter , REAL cream and it shows up in the flavor !
We are at this restaurant last week and it was fantastic . Good service and excellent food . My boyfriend had the chicken and I had teppanyaki steak . Excellent
I ' m from Pittsburgh . Pittsburgh people eat Primantis . Pittsburgh people value their Primantis . Some people don ' t get it . End of story .
Loved the chicken kabob original full of flavor and fresh the homemade lemon lime drink was perfectly tart It was reasonably priced and quick service I ' ll be back ! !
If you go anywhere , go here . Such a classic steak restaurant with a view that can ' t be beat during sunset . Be careful with the pomegranate martini , it ' s delicious but lethal !
Love this place ! Great service all around . The prime rib was delicious ! Would definitely recommend this place !
Ok so i was alittle unsure of stopping in but the cake was outstanding . Shrimp fried rice is the bomb . I will be back
The food is delicious at a great price . And the people are courteous . A great place to eat .
Always satisfied with all the food and the service . Great place to come . In addition to the food being top notch , all their employees as always friendly and helpful .
love this place . the corned beef hash for breakfast is awesome
Nothing can compare . Have been going here for many years and the quality and customer service has been excellent every time . So good !
Best pizza in Vegas ! ! ! Friendly service and timely prepared food . Highly recommended for anyone who love traditional Brooklyn - style pizza !
The food was absolutely fabulous . Our waiter Jeremy was great as well . I had the filet and my wife had their salmon . Perfect ! !
Made me a delicious vegan sandwich upon request ! ! Really nice employees , too . Bread is the best in town in my opinion , and great prices .
I love love love the food here . I usually get either a sad or a rotisserie chicken I have never been let down here and the staff are always very efficient and friendly .
Love this place ! Love the staff , atmosphere , food and drinks ! They have live music on Wednesdays .
Best product , best prices , and most importantly they were the most trustworthy company I have worked with . They do the maintenance on my home and my 2 businesses . I would recommend them to anyone !
Shella is amazing ! ! The private suite is great for individualized attention and pampering ! ! ! I will definitely come again ! ! I highly recommend it ! ! !
Greath Good and great food seafood and service I highly recommend dinning at the sls buffet
Delicious pizza ! ! ! ! We got both a thick crust and a thin crust and loved them both equally . The best pizza in Madison by far
I love this place . Always great food , drinks and service . Not to mention atmosphere style of this restaurant . Well done .
The wings here are amazing . They make Buffalo Wild Wings look really bad and you will never want to go back to bdubs . Not as good as Angel ' s Trumpet though .
Its been almost a month since I last visit and my nails are still intact , definitely recommending this place and coming back !
Fantastic work . Shin did my straight perm , and it looks amazing . My hair was so wavy beforehand and now it is super sleek .
My favorite place to go when i want a tasty drink with boba is Fat Straw . My 2 favorite drinks are the Thai tea and The orignal . . .
Was recommended the gyro omelette . Fantastic , good amount of food , good service , good value .
Favorite spot since I was kid . Always friendly and yummy ! Probably one of the few great places for food on the east side !
This is the best place to gamble in Vegas . All of the dealers are so nice and make sure you have a great time .
Excellent customer service ! It cannot get any better ! Oscar and his team do a fantastic job !
Every time I ' m here on business I stay at a hotel that has PATH access and then head straight here for all of my coffee needs . Great espresso and friendly / knowledgeable staff .
Chloe did a great for me today . It was my first time . I really like it . I will be back again . Price is not bad . $ 35 for basic gel manicure .
First place my coworkers took me for lunch after moving to Charlotte . I will be back often !
I had my baby shower here . The space very nice , staff friendly , and everyone loved the food , especially the chicken Mac n cheese ! Everyone is still raving about it !
Im very impressed with this food , I ordered the famous deep . fried egg plant and was the best egg plant ive ever had . keep . up the great work guys .
Every time i come in here for one thing i end up leaving with the extras lol it ' s so convenient for me
Great beers and food . Try the deep fried deviled eggs . Everyone at our table raved about the food and beer . Will go back again .
Great Prices and the lady shaped them just the way I asked : ) I can ' t believe I just found this place ! ! ! !
Roti Canai and Khari Mee were really nice . It took us a while to figure out what to order ( so many choices that we were interetsed in ) but everything that came out was great .
Atmosphere and food were amazing . If you only have a chance for one dinner in Charlotte , this is the place !
Love the fish n chips here . Great burgers too . My wife just had the grilled salmon salad which she loved . Good food great value .
Raymond recently helped me with some wedding photos . Very professional and great quality ! Def would recommend !
Was greeted by great hospitality . The Tex Mex apps were great and the sea bass entree was extremely fresh . I will be returning soon .
Good all around . Great , hummus , chicken , and sauces . The veggie slaw is awesome ! Very clean inside as well .
The Cubano sandwich is actually life - changing ; a bit heavy on the grease , but otherwise spot - on . The daily soups are also worth a try . Get there early or prepare to wait .
What a fun store . So happy to see a Dasio - esque store here in north Phoenix . I ' ve noticed they get new merchandise in frequently , a few items . Very sweet staff .
Excellent my husband and I shared the 60 dollar steak it was the perfect portion for two . The food is fresh and I have never had such good fries they were amazing I would definitely go back
Great location and setting in the middle of suburban sprawl . Love the choices and freshness of the ingredients . Been two times when visiting the Phoenix area . Can ' t wait to go again .
Dawn and Michal were fabulous and helpful when we purchased our furniture . We were also very impressed with the delivery guys ! ! I recommend this location .
My favorite cleaners in Las Vegas . I ' ve been taking my stuff here for at least 15 years or more . They do awesome work . There prices are reasonable too .
Yup , i ' m gunna say it . . . This place is better that chipotle . They mix the ingredients together in your burrito ! simple and awesome .
PERFECT LATTE ! ! ! I ' ve paid more and gotten less ; NOT HERE ! Welcome to the neighborhood !
Always a pleasure coming to Optic Gallery . Great friendly staff , very professional and ALWAYS on time . Wouldn ' t go anyplace else . Dr . Jordan and his group are the best !
First visit for me . Excellent food , Justin is an awesome server , who offered great menu suggestions . Pancakes are fantastic . Will definitely be back .
There is a bit of a wait most of the time but if you call 5 minutes ahead of time then the experience is much better . with that being said it is worth it either way !
The seafood is the freshest in Charlotte . The staff is awesome . Prices are really good . Love the half price oysters on Sunday ' s .
Love this place . Food is consistently good . I ' ve been coming here for years and have never had a bad experience . The staff are always nice .
The hot stone rice dishes are probably the best around town !
VERY expensive but also VERY GOOD . Get the prime rib and lobster for two . It will run you about $ 150 but it is well worth it ! Great choice for that " special " evening !
Excellent ! So much fun ! Great service ! ! ! ! Food is yummy ! Will be back to this place to practice my shooting .
My favorite Thai place in the Valley ! Their veggies are always crunchy even steamed , their portions always generous .
Luv this place . . . . Cathy the owner is always awesome and friendly . . . . self grooming is great especially if you hate the mess . . . . cant say enough good things
Clean remodeled and free wifi . Great land version of target .
Undisputed best Pizza In Vegas at any price ! ! ! I just wish they had a location closer to my house so I could have it more often .
I liked it the burgers and unlimited fried was awesome . It was clean and smelled fresh . We seemed to have a good time right along with the people next to us !
Have ordered from here a few times and it ' s always been good . Chicken bacon ranch pizza is delicious !
Love this place . The only problem is I have a hard time choose which meal to order . It is a staple .
Open till midnite . Very convenient ! Great service ! $ 30 eyelash extensions . Excellent pedicure by Ari . She does hair too .
it gives off a great vibe of variety with all the different floors ! I like going there with friends on the weekend ; we can always count on having a good time at marios
My order is always correct and I ' m usually in and out quickly . I like the outdoor seating when it isn ' t 120 degrees .
Enjoy the sushi . My wife eats just sushi , & I like to get one of the kitchen items as well .
Exceptional allergy assistance and accomodations . Had gluten free bread and didn ' t make me feel like a pain in the butt .
Great place for coffee , I work down the street so it ' s my go to . Big fan of their spam sandwich and cold brews .
The food is great ( in my opinion ) , and Stephen the owner is a nice guy as well . I recommend giving them a shot if you ' re in the area .
Visited yesterday with my family . We all loved it . The staff was very kind and welcoming . We even got a visit from the manager .
Great food ! ! Cruelty free is a plus . The staff is wonderful and I think we love the chef . Our christmas meal 2015 . May become a new tradition .
Really good chinese food and even better sushi . Sounds odd but inexpensive delicious and generous portions . Nice lady . Great place to feed my family .
Friendly , great deals on glass and vape gear . Staff keeps place neat and friendly . I stop by about frequently to check out always new products . Hella C5 .
The food was amazing , large selection to temp every taste bud . I had the veggie samosas , spicy chicken and chicken birani which were all wonderful . Will definitely be back to tey some more !
Excellent burger ! Toasted bun and patties were just the right size . The BBQ chips were awesome . Reminded me of my hometown favorites - Grippos . We will be back .
Stopped here after brunch and buffalo exchange . The bartenders were amazing and my elixir was easily worth the mere $ 10 . Great selection of beers and other drinks , definitely go !
This place has one of the best outdoor patio spots in Charlotte . During the spring or summer , this is where you want to be to quench your thirst for music and libations !
So happy to have this new local coffee bar in the Brighton Heights area ! Greats vibes and service ! ! Plan to return many times !
Fast food Mexican place , little hole in the wall on lamb street . Posole was super yummy will be back !
The food was great , my daughter loved the sugar bee cookie .
I ordered the " Saucy Vegan " & it ' s probably the best pizza I ' ve ever had ! Even before I went vegan I haven ' t had pizza this good . Love !
Great coffee and a good atmosphere . The also offer beer and wine making it a great place to grab a drink after work . Dog friendly patio is always a bonus as well .
- Excellent staff - Excellent service - Excellent patient care - Excellent technology - Excellent EXPERIENCE ! No doubt about it , Dr . Mozayeni will be my # 1 recommendation for anyone considering LASIK surgery .
This place was great ! We had the chunky monkey French toast and it was so yummy . The ambiance is awesome and would be great to sit outside when the weather is nice . I recommend it !
I was referred from a friend who was a former auto mechanic . I have had my car serviced for various things & I find them to be very reputable & their price was reasonable .
Quick service for smog check and DMV registration . Great customer service as well . Highly recommended to all .
Great sushi ! ! ! Hamachi and Blue Fin Toro to die for . Rolls were good but the nigiri sushi is what they do best ! Definitely come my back
Amy was absolutely amazing . She was knowledgeable about knots and muscle tissues on my back . It was so relaxing that I went to sleep without knowing . She was so friendly and made me feel comfortable .
I have used Simon Electric for 8 years . I am impressed how they will consult with you prior to starting a project so that expectations are aligned . They are honest , courteous and customer driven .
the best Italian restaurant in the neighbourhood . The staff is great and so is the food !
I did a full highlight with Katie and she did a great job . The color turned out to be exactly what I wanted ! will definitely go back to her if I want to do highlights again .
Great meatballs . . . A must try . I loved how the waiter split an dish for us with no extra charge . The garlic rolls were buttery and warm , with excellent oil and vinegar .
They have been here for as long as I can remember and have done a great job every time . Alterations are quick and reliable . They get my pants right every time .
Got a Cesar and Alfredo pizza , great salad and Alfredo pizza was lacking on sauce but still very good .
Delicious lattes , smooth cappuccinos . We love to walk across the street and sit under the trees in the morning . Birdhaus is our local coffee shop and we love it .
5 stars all around
Cool little place with good service . We have only had breakfast here and all I can say is yum ! Can ' t wait to come back for some lunch .
Great service . They recognize and appreciate repeat business . Orders are always taken correctly with personalized service . One of the perks of working uptown !
This is my favorite Target . It ' s always clean , and easy to get in and out . And I have not met one bad customer service rep .
Super quick wait . I went during my lunch break and I think I was in there for 5 minutes . The nurse was very nice while being quick and efficient .
This place is great for just about everything from summer care for kids to adult classes for a curious novice to serious budding artists . Try out Edna ' s painting class for guaranteed enjoyment .
Favorite sushi place in Arizona the remodel is awesome Chef Jay is still the best ! Back to Thursday night sushi night !
These guys did an excellent job repairing my phone screen . I highly recommend them when someone asks where they should go for repairs .
The staff was very friendly and the massage was amazing ! The hot stones felt really good and it was a nice environment . Highly recommend
Very nice upscale restaurant with a real purpose . Ask your serve . And by the way , ours was the nicest server I think I ' ve experienced anywhere !
Used to be such terrible service here back in 2014 . They have really done a much better job with hiring and the staff now is actually really nice . One of my fav spots now .
Best Indian Buffet in town ! The restaurant was extremely clean . Service has been hit or miss , but the food makes up for it .
Last year this place had some issues but they totally redeemed them self . Order last couple times and pizza was absolutely PERFECT and on time . Good job guys ! !
The food is awesome and the service is great . My favorite is the Fatoosh salad with chicken , salmon or shrimp , eggplant fries and jalapeno hummus .
Cute place inside DeSoto Central Market . . . the seafood is outstanding for AZ !
This is an extremely friendly and fun atmosphere . A super cleanly place with fast service ! The food surpassed my expectations . I recommend trying the crispy buffalo chicken thighs for an appetizer !
Chicken shish kabob plate is my favorite , but all the kabobs are great ! Meat is perfectly seasoned and cooked , literally eat this once a week if not more .
I had the shrimp scampi , salad , hummus and the mint lemonade . I loved every part of my meal ! Also , Lana was a great host !
My boyfriend and I have become regulars and always get the fish tacos ! We love this place ! Best in town ! And great prices . The servers are all friendly . Ask about the specials too !
Went in December of 2009 - wonderful experience .
I went there for a late night bite , instead I got a late night experience ! I love everything about this place ! The food is outstanding !
The best italian restaurant in the Venetian . Will come back again . Clams with linguine excellent . Amatriciana sauce was as good as it gets . . Ask for marirosa when you get there .
What an awesome place to eat . My new favorite . If you are in the area it ' s a must . Ask for Korey . Great seafood and the BBQ is fantastic .
This is hands down my favourite restaurant in Toronto . You have to try the roasted pineapple . Everything I had was good . Service is excellent , and the live entertainment is good too .
Always clean and professional . Yelp deals and coupons are always a plus . So glad it ' s close . No clogged pores from this process . Love the results . Longer lasting than the alternative .
Súper rico , me sirvieron súper bien y el staff muy amigable ! ! SUPER YUMMY FOOD , ad the staff are so friendly , great customer service and food ! ! ! !
Love everything about this place especially free for adults and also free massage chairs ! ! We came to Vegas for weekends trip from CA and will definitely come back here when we back again
Awesome service by James today . So helpful and he was so kind to my 9 year old . Won ' t take our bikes anywhere else .
Love the burekas and chocolate babka ! Will definitely come back ! Can ' t wait for the sufganiyot
If I ever get married again , I will definitely be back ! ! They made everything easy . Very nice . They were very attentive , listened , and executed perfectly . Thanks Ana !
This probably is one place I think about if craving for halal pizza . I like the buffalo chicken , chicken tandoori and pepperoni pizza . Their service is also very good .
Fabulous Food , Great Service , and the prices were very reasonable . Will definitely eat here again on my next visit !
Zenshin has it all ! Chef Rex , Chris , and Jason are the best ! And Jessie . . . the mixologist extraordinaire is amazing !
Great place , I liked the food and the service . The owner even stopped by to say hello and introduce herself . Very warm atmosphere . They also did special meal for my extremely picky kid .
Really great food , just like Roberto ' s . Their Carne asada nachos are a must . Other wise a taco or two will do the trick .
Best general tsao chicken , spring rolls and chicken fried rice in toronto . Please come back ! ! ! !
The chocolate chip pear scone was amazing ! Also recommend the breakfast burrito # 3 . So good that while on vacation we ate here two days in a row ! Staff was amazing . Definitely recommend .
Long wait and they don ' t take reservations . We had breakfast burrito and all in omelette on Sunday morning . Food was good , service was nice .
Good quality Mexican food at a decent price . Very attentive wait staff and friendly management . Check out Living Social for a special menu at a discount price .
Always great food and service . I try to get there at least every other week . Chicken sharwarma lunch or salad or sandwich are all good .
Great first impression ! Had the grilled cheese & their brewed Inside the Park ( Blonde Ale ) - outstanding !
The food is surprisingly delicious . Burgers are juicy and the chicken skins are a must try ! ! Drinks are also very good ! !
Best hamburger & ice cream place ever . They have delicious cheese hamburgers and ice cream , they do serve you with fries with a drink also . I definitely recommend it
Great Food . Great Service , our waiter was Alex - super attentive , gave us great ' favorite ' options . Ziosk at the table , very convenient for ordering and paying .
Had a procedure there Monday . The staff was phenomenal ! Very friendly , informative and professional !
Great place to eat , only kine grindz prepared Filipino style . . . . . yummy ! ! ! Nice people here and the halohalo is a mazing .
Amazing fundito and guacamole ! ! ! Short rib tacos were excellent as well ! Server was terrific and very attentive ! !
This place is awesome . From the tacos to the drinks to the delicious Mexican street corn . I recommend calling far in advance for reservations as they tend to be busy every weekend .
Had an issue but problem was solved thank you to Dr . Brooks for really helping me out !
We used this company for a bachelorette party and had a great time . Good food and awesome entertainment . Would definitely do it again !
Wow , the Thai Fried RIce is so amazing here . It has lots of flavor . Any of the Pork dishes are good . I really enjoyed the food and staff here .
BBQ mahi mahi tacos , are life ! The salsa is amazing and pretty much everything i have tried , is great !
Everything about this place is amazing and worth the wait . Friendly customer service and AMAZING bbq wings ! ! ! !
Excellent service great rooms , albeit a little far from the airport .
I tried Pho for the first time here & also the chicken banh mi & they were both phenomenal ! I highly recommend this place . It will not disappoint .
Brian & his team are awesome ! Had a couple of vehicles tinted here & would highly recommend them . Super friendly & knowledgeable group of guys !
Great place . Atmosphere and service is awesome . And the food is good . Reasonable drink prices
Amazing store and very friendly staff ! The prices in comparison to Japanese prices are good ! Love this place and their stock is amazing too !
My first visit was pleasant . The camaraderie , the team work , a smile and my car very clean is how I describe my experience . I definitely come back
The food are good and the service are great special the waitress name Roslin in eggwork flamingo
Breakfast is delicious ! I haven ' t been for lunch or dinner but the breakfast is worth going for . Pancakes are so good and service has been quick every time . Will definitely be back .
They give you sooo much food . And the food is unreal , especially for the reasonable cost . Highly recommend this place !
I loved this place . So much cool stuff to look at . It has complete old Vegas houses . Great for kids and adults alike . Go look !
Good place to escape the heat and grab a snack . They have a movie theatre and restaurants too . Nordstrom is a bit small but ok . Lots of kids stores .
Great Sushi and service . Very clean and friendly . I got mainly for sushi bit tried hibachi last visit and it was excellent .
Absolutely loved it ! Made for a wonderful date night night . We had the salmon and the chimmichuri chicken sandwich and the scampi appetizer . Yummy sauces , nice service and not too busy .
Best bagel in the city ! Don ' t miss it . And check out Wilensky ' s a block down the street for the best salami sandwich you will have in your life , guaranteed !
Excellent staff . Easy access location . Prices better than Leslie ' s . Won ' t go anywhere else again .
Great upscale restaurant in a classey location . Must try the prime rib with the Corn tamales .
Best eye doctor in Las Vegas . We appreciate Dr . Wong and his great service . Great front desk
The espresso is from another planet ! Very good and very STRONG ! Excellent service and very cool atmosphere .
Portions are small but are well worth the price . Get the carne asada & fish tacos with chips , guac & salsa . Worth every cent .
This place is still as great as I remember from back in 2012 . Oliver is still as amicable and gracious as ever . And thankfully they still sale the best ginger ale ever !
Delicious food . I had the chicken tortilla soup and the jerk chicken sandwich . My husband had shrimp tacos and asparagus . Everything was perfectly seasoned , and the lunch portions were just right .
Awesome used book store ! Cozy reading nooks , set up all over the store ! Children ' s section is amazing ! Highly recommend !
Love this little gem . Try the Pad Thai , beef salad and Thai iced tea . Friendly staff . Decent prices for what you pay for .
Cute Japanese cafe ! Latte & macaron were delicious ! Can ' t wait to visit again to try different pastries and drinks .
Have been coming to this place since i was a kid . Extremely ordinary , but great tasting chicken teriyaki .
Great place indeed ! Planning to get more from my tattooist kure ! It ' s actually a welcoming place not like other places where it feels more intimidating than welcoming .
Great place to watch sports . In the heart of the strip . Rooftop is amazing . Pretzel was off the chain !
Excellent atmosphere . Excellent food . Our server cesar was wonderful . Such a nice attentive server , very nice guy . . We will def be back here again .
The CCW class was very entertaining and I formative . The instructor was very knowledgeable about the different state gun laws . He used videos to get the information across to the class .
Amazing service , great prices , ultra fast ready in an hour ! See Edward Jiongco he ' s the best ! ! !
Best all you can eat sushi place in town ! Super good price and amazing customer service Melissa is the best super friendly
Second time here . Much better than the first . The beef tacos were Muy Delicisio ! I don ' t know why it wasn ' t busier ! I ' ll definitely be coming back .
Wow ! Just wow i love the food perfect . Love this place . Japanese restaurant near me . Quite neighborhood too .
Amazing service amazing food . Wish it was really AYCE oysters . But it was great nonetheless . Definitely coming back as this is my new sushi place now . ; )
Amazing ! ! ! their chavela drink is to die for . Camarones borrachos were so tasty too . You sit where you want and get greeted with complimentary chips and salsa
Great BBQ at both locations . Good portions . The owner goes the extra mile . The burnt ends are spectacular ! !
I was visiting from Houston , Tx and the customer service was exceptional and the gym was clean . Thanks again Avery
I would be lost trying to do my own taxes for my Appraisal business . Stephanie has been helping me with that for years . Now she can help you too !
Nice place to shop for clothes and many things fro the kitchen and home . The best prices to save money on big bran clothes and shoes
I had the All - Dressed with lox and cream cheese . Best bagel I ' ve ever had . Totally amazing !
Simple , yummy coffee . I like the aesthetic of this place . The baristas are nice and knowledgeable and there ' s lots of parking outside . I would definitely recommend this spot .
Top notch Georgian . Borscht shashlik crepes dumplings specially delish . Lamb pilaf generous portion and yummy .
Awesome recommendations and delicious meal ! ! ! ! I had the supermodel , friends had two " wet one " and another had the " big pig " . All satisfied : )
So fresh and delish . My husband and my favorite lunch spot on the weekend . Closed Sundays : (
Its good place to have a bowl of soup and the food is good and the food is good too I come here some times for the Dailey soup
Fantastic food ! ! ! So good that even as you get too full you just can ' t stop eating .
Wonderful cinema . Most comfortable seats in a theatre in my experience , and best of all you can enjoy your film with a beer , glass of wine , or cocktail . 5 / 5 .
Love this place . Everyone is friendly , helpful and knowledgeable . Great prices and highly recommend !
Visiting Toronto and was looking for a restaurant that had Caribbean food but also had a kids menu - love this place - well priced , good food , super nice server .
I ' m out of town and I just stopped in to kill some time with a pedicure and it was absolutely wonderful ! Great , fun service and really inexpensive prices !
2nd time here ! Super yummy ! Cheesesteak is packed w / meat ! ! Definitely recommended
I really enjoyed the atmosphere . The menu was unique and reasonably priced . The restrooms were interesting ( TV and all ) . Good service , nice place to meet with a group .
Recently popped in for a last minute gift and was incredibly happy with the fast custom arrangement and value . Great customer service and such nice folks . Will remain my first choice for flowers in TO .
Me and my family have been going here for over 8 years . We absolutely love this place . It is truly like " coming home . " Come check Oasis out for yourself .
Love coming here for brunch ! Staff is friendly and attentive . Food is delish ! Will be back again soon .
lahaina is back baby ! ate and drank at the lower bar with gaming . great service and good food .
This is an amazing little whole in the wall deli . Great food , complimentary little muffins , and ice cream cones . Plus great prices and friendly staff .
The Ramen soup and ribs were very memorable . The servers are very attentive and the ambiance is modern mixed with traditional . Nice unpretentious restaurant .
My favorite Donuts ! ! ! I LOVE LOVE them my favorite are the glazed donut and the buttermilk glazed as well as the raspberry filled donut
This is such a cozy asian restaurant , the owner is very nice and friendly , all the foods are affordable and delicious too !
Great service and very clean . Good food selection , fresh and good flavor . They obviously invest in quality and the place is up to date .
Fixed my dress in less than 5 minutes & did flawless work , I couldn ' t even tell where he made the repair . Will definitely be back !
Great for breakfast ! Fantastic breakfast burritos . Really good espresso . A little chaotic at night , but I love having this little gem close by .
Very nice and friendly staff . Quick at what they do and it looks amazing . Love them definitely coming back . Very pleased with their services .
My all time favourite vegan place in the city ! Food is amazing ( both their savory stuff + their sweet stuff ) and their brunch especially is wonderful !
The best Greek salad ever . The freshest salad I ' ve had . Always good . Love the outdoor seating . Great service .
Ordered gyoza , pork katsu , ramen . . . My sone drank Ramune grape flavored soda , good service , quiet busy atmosphere . Really good . Happy now .
Great ambiance and tasty fast food . Good atmosphere . It ' s also byob . Not very spicy but you can tailor your spice once you have ordered .
Wow ! What a nice restaurant ! It ' s very trendy , the service is amazing , the food is delicious and the presentation is WOW . Highly recommended ! My favorite is the chef salad !
This is an awesome 6v6 outdoor league ran by some great People have played In it for a 6 months now ! Also Pretty competitive with 3 different levels !
The pizza is delicious ! Definitely one of the best pies in town . It tasted so fresh and each bite was savored
I had the pleasure to be tattoo ' d by Schwab . He did an amazing job , and even had time to squeeze us in last minute . Very welcoming shop , and I will be back .
Can ' t believe there is a health food restaurant in Arizona . Was very good . Happy we went .
phenomenal exhibit of impressionism . . all the water lillii panel together in one room . . plus the restaurant is excellent . .
Amazing！It ' s my best ever in Las Vegas！The design，BBQ and service . . . . . . . Oh , man everything is awesome !
Great clean service . I was so excited that they open next to my work . I tried different girls and all did amazing job . Keep up
Great place to visit if u are in PIT . Lots of character , friendly staff and no nonsense good food .
Absolutely amazing food and service . The stuffed shrimp is fantastic and the chocolate mousse is to die for . We went back over and over again !
Scheduled with me on a Sunday , prompt professional communication , excellent work , and the best price quoted . Thank you Michael !
Steelers sports bar . Good selection of draft beers . Pool tables and jukebox with a healthy sampling of rock . Super friendly staff .
Un autre excellent latte sur Rachel tout près de St . - Laurent dans le plateaux . Embiance vintage
Great burgers , great beers , great poutine , great bahn mi - how often can you say that ? ! This place has a relaxed , comfortable vibe plus an awesome playlist .
Great customer service . Plus , first time trying smoothie bowls and it was amazing treat on a hot summer day . P . S . I got the Paradise Bowl
Fantastic food ! Really excellent . My only suggestion for the restaurant : please serve red wine in red wine glasses . Otherwise a 5 - star .
The best fish and shrimp tacos on the south side . If you haven ' t tried it you are missing out
If you find yourself at the bar you have to order the " Mustacio " pistachio martini ! It is delicious . Gustavio makes a perfect drink and pleases
Excellent ! ! ! Great place n atmosphere reasonably priced food , deserts , etc . highly recommend ! ! !
The friendliest people , they remember our order and the very best sausage and mushroom pizza ever ! !
Best video poker in town and 75 cent Vienna hot dogs from 11 - 5 every day ! Yep this is where you relax . 5 Stars ! Hell to the Yes !
Perhaps best Chicken Sandwich anywhere in the world if one is into Fried Chicken . Hip location , good service , and surprisingly affordable lunch menu
I LOVE this place the spicy fried oysters are the BEST I have EVER had ! ! ! They maintain their juicy - ness despite them being fried I highly recommend this place !
I love this place and the new paint job on the walls ! I ' m glad it ' s under new management !
Great experience everyone is so helpful ! ! Highly recommended ! Tons of ink to choose from ! !
Vegetarian paradise ! So many choices . So delicious ! I love this place and will certainly return . It ' s a new favorite : )
How do the French stay so thin ? ! I stopped in here today and tried the eclair . OMG . Out of this world !
This show is so upbeat and fun ! My favorite was Brittany Spears , he really looked amazing ! This is well worth seeing . I saw it for free but it is so worth the money .
Stopped by Thai D Togo and Kay , the manager , was very kind making sure our order was perfect . The food is great and the prices are reasonable . I ' ll definitely be back !
Great place - very clean and hygienic . Their gel manicure is high quality and lasts a solid 2 weeks !
Solid local sushi joint with prompt service and a clean atmosphere .
excellent : the # 12 is the best !
Had a different place quote $ 50 to replace a zipper . They repaired the existing one in ten min for $ 10 .
The best Italian Food , atmosphere , and service to be found inFountain Hills . Plus , the most wonderful deserts . Always a great time .
Jonathan In parts was great ! I brought in a small part to match up and he was a huge help ! I will be back , thank you for your great help !
As I am busy enjoying my freshly made griglia pizza I feel compelled to write a review . I am really impressed , it is so delicious .
Only second time here and both times I ' ve gotten outstanding service from the bartender Mark . I recommend the chicken caesar if your craving something light .
I haven ' t met a friendlier staff . Everyone I talked to was kind and made my experience great ! I ' m so excited I found I dentist I WANT to go back to .
Good stuff # freshisgood
Love it here ! Everyone here is nice . I ' ll definitely be back next time when I ' m in town .
The friendly staff was warm and inviting . . . Clean shop , short walk from the New York , New York . Tiny tattoos Great selection on body jewelry too .
Mastro ' s is among the best steak houses in the country . I like the prime filet . The seafood tower Is spectacular .
Nice and clean place . the bathroom was clean and kept up . lots to drink . All kinds of foods . I had a big cookie was great . and on Tuesdays 5 bucks 4 a movie .
Great guys . Very reasonable pricing . Been using them for few years now . They ' ll find the way to satisfy customer . Ask ask them to print things they don ' t advertise .
Great place for Sushi in Goodyear ! Go during happy hOur to save a ton of money ! ! !
I love this groomer ! They always do a wonderful job with my little pomchi and are very good about listening to what you would like done and then actually fulfilling your request !
I would go there every single day if I could . I love the 1970s decor , service and everything on the table ! ! ! ! 10 / 10
I come to this place once a week at least . 2B is my favorite . Conveniently placed and priced right = )
Best value ! Been here more times than I like to admit . They are fast , inexpensive & do a great job !
Heaven for people who love music . All kinds of music instruments . We like seagull guitars here , made in Canada
Great service , Best banking experience ever ! ! ! I highly recommend Navy Federal to anyone that appreciates fast in and outs , and polite and courteous service . .
Smart gym offers a very clean , updated , comprehensive gym of equipment and awesome classes . The staff is very welcoming , and management takes good care of their customers .
We are outside has the lychee drink was nice . Owner very nice and explained all the menu . Takes good care of you . All dishes very tasty . Would comeback
The food is great and the service was excellent . We complained the lobster pasta didn ' t hve enough lobster and they immediately changed it and it was AMAZING
Very cool experience . Cool trivia from tour guide . Allowed to run around the whole house . Great gift shop too .
As a non - drinker , I love loitering at this bar . Great for avoiding that awkward peer pressure moment .
GREAT food GREAT service ! Warm hip environment and comfort food for every taste . The ice cream is made fresh on premises ! YUM !
Traffic is the only hazzzard here good store modern coffee house design .
Always great service and very friendly servers . The food is always good along with large portions . Many tvs in the restaurant to view all of your games . Great place !
Great spot to grab a gourmet specialty dog . House favorite is the Cheffini . Great flavors and environment . Gotta love the Downtown Container Park and all it has to offer .
Love the food love the experience hate the prices LOL but over all always fun place to meet people and enjoy the atmosphere
Sat out on the patio to get some lunch . The food was so good ! Our entire party enjoyed their meals ! ! Can ' t wait to go again !
I only ask for Elaine when I come here and she doesn ' t disappoint . She listens to exactly what kind of haircut I want and delivers every time .
i actually meant more pescatarian options : ) What about fish sandwiches ?
Great food and service . The Chicken Korma is my personal favorite with a side of Naan .
Great food and excellent customer service . Chicken Shawarma was fantastic and garlic sauce was on point .
The customer service and food was awesome ! I will be returning ! ! The food was ordered the night before the Superbowl and was hot and ready on time Superbowl day .
Love them ! I get different ones like the veggies or the tropical and they are always delicious ! They are also friendly and fast and they always give me options in how to win free smoothies !
Excellent service . Great for vegetarians - veggies tasted fresh and soy stuff was perfect . Spicyness was excellent ( for spicy lovers ) . Be sure to get a sizzling dish
Great Pizza ! ! As a Jersey Boy who grew up on the best pizza in the world , RW & B can certainly compete with the best .
They are honest and always available when I need to bring my car in last minute . No complaints ! Thanks guys for taking care of my Benz !
Jackie is an absolute joy at their drive thru window . Coffee is decent , but cheaper than starbucks .
I enjoyed this a little bit more than the Beverly Hills location because of the view . Lobster mashed , creamed corn , steak and butter cake all for me
Cozy in town store . Great hot foods with unique specials like pierogies . Has hard to find items stocked daily . A little higher prices but not much . You pay for convenience .
Best wings ever the lunch special is amazing . Wings , fries , dessert & a drink for $ 11 !
David was the absolute best ! He was very informative of the deals going on and even helped us out playing . Very great customer service from the bar too !
I am so happy my daughter told me about this place . They are clean and friendly . Tina does an amazing job . I highly recommend this place and bring cash for a discount .
The small plates were fantastic and the sommelier was a lot of fun to talk wine with throughout the night . We ' ll definitely be back .
So far my favorite dive around here ! Great atmosphere , solid prices , and the bartenders have always been chill / friendly .
This place is very consistent . Good food always done and cooked to your preference . Good service . Sports bar atmosphere . And room service if you stay in the hotel ! Good deal .
Love the drinks ! ! ! ! On point not to sweet , cant complain .
Outstanding food and excellent fast service ! This is authentic food at a great price with lots of choices
Have been there a few times now . Food has been consistently delicious . We love the Chicken Curry . The Avocado Toast is AMAZING ! ! ! I can not get enough .
I just discovered their AFFOGATO ! It ' s divine ! No , really . I have no words for how fantastic it is . I will never sleep again .
Great food and service . We were impressed with how helpful our waiter was and with the flavor of the food . The garlic naan was tasty .
Get the lunch tasting menu . Great deal , wide range of items and surprisingly a lot of food . COD was excellent .
Best pizza in Cleveland . The sauce is savory and the cheese is thick . Great crispy crust . Amazing price .
Chips and salsa , Yummy ! The guacamole is just a plus and the Margarita I got for checking in on yelp is pretty amazing and so is Brian , our server .
Delicious spicy Chinese noodles in Vegas . I recommend the sour spicy noodles with beef . And Spicy soup base !
Excellent hair cut , beautiful color . I will diffently return . They offer great deals for regulars .
I ' m in here weekly , and I have to say the Jacks Salad with Salmon is fabulous ! My fav .
Favourite restaurant in the city . Romantic , elegant and delicious . Tip - You can order half sides so you can try more ( and not waste as much - they ' re generous portions ) .
JC was very helpful , polite , handsome w / great personality . I will be back for more clothes for school .
Love my nails sooo much ! Storming did an amazing job and she ' s so professional . Everything was super clean and sanitized ! !
The lemongrass pork bahn mi was excellent . The pork had an amazing smoky flavor and was seasoned so well .
Came here with my family and loved their teas and cookies . I had the angles kiss tea it ' s very delicious for those who like fruity flavors . Would definitely come back to visit !
Definitely love this place . I brought my asian friends and American friends to Jim , all of them were so satisfied with their hair cut . Highly recommend this place !
I love the food here . We had a beef tenderloin dish and it was amazing . The spring rolls are delicious . We ' ve eaten here alot and have always been pleased .
love it love it and love it . Friendly staff , Alec was our guy . Ask for him you wont be disappointed
Happened to come across this place on YELP while in Vegas . . . excellent service , recommendations and knowledge of the menu . Would definitely come to this place again for our server BILLY
Small place but the food is good . Staff was really friendly . I like the red chile burrito . If you ' re looking for a quaint little south western meal check it out .
Great Juices and better service ! Ivory is the best ! ! ! ! ! Everyone was very informative and helpful
The food here is yummy ! ! ! The unlimited soup & bread sticks are my favorite lol Service is great but hate that you can ' t make a reservation . Services is great .
First time eating at Bob Evans . The food was great . Good value for lunch with the pick two . Plenty to eat . Loved the pumpkin bread !
I had one of the best Ciabattas I ' ve ever had here . Love the staging as well as their service . Will revisit if I go to Montreal again .
I eat here EVERYTIME I come to Vegas . Love the Chicken and cheese enchilladas with red AND green sauce . Amazing . you wont be disappointed . . .
This is by far my most favoritest pizza place in all of Vegas . If you like white pizza , you will not find a slice better than this place ' s white pizza .
Shane made the best mango picante Ever ! ! ! ! ! ! ! Thank you will come back for sure ! ! Will be looking for him next time
Just another nice friendly place to meet my family at for a GREAT dinner . Food is wonderful , wait staff is outstanding . We always feel welcome . Thank You , Tony
Awesome Job , Good customer service from Juan Z ! ! Very considerate and through . They were a call out from a request I made through AHS warranty service . Highly recommend .
Great place for football day you can bring your own cigars and whiskey they have ice and glasses too
Great pizza . Crust was amazing . Thin and cooked to perfection . Pepperoni and cheese was very tasty . Would come bAck again for sure .
Place was great ! The service was amazing ! Would highly recommend to anyone trying to elope in Las Vegas ! Thank you guys for a quick , painless and enjoyable service !
Great selection of milk teas , only downside is they dont make crepes even though its on their menu . Service is great aswell . Definitely coming back
Great food and great service . The food was delicious and quickly served . Water was promptly refilled and the waiters were nice .
Jane has been an excellent guide to my wife and I on our journey through marriage . She always has helpful insight into keeping our relationship fresh and healthy .
Very nice atmosphere , amazing service , very friendly stuff and food is delicious . Our new hot spot
This place is amazing ! ! ! Came here and got veggie ramen , crab steam bun , and yuzu yellowtail . . . . seriously so good !
I and my husband really like this place , it ' s very close to our home , they have awesome vegetarian food . The owner and the wait staff USA very friendly . Highly recommended .
We come here often . It is one of our favorites here in Phoenix . There are so many dishes we love . Farm to table . Amazing !
This place is SOOOOO good . OMG . . . the Mexican corn ! ! Great ambiance and a beautiful restaurant !
Good place . Authentic seafood , good service . Very small place but delicious food . I would definitely good back
Tasty , fresh , friendly . . . . and yummy ! ! Owner is very kind . Will b back many times ! ! ! Kids loved the pizza . . tuna was amazing ! !
Delish as always . Enough said . Perfect size pies for individuals . Price is worth it for the quality . Will be back again and again .
We always have a great time when we go there with the family ! Great atmosphere ! Good prices ! Great food ! Friendly faces !
Eddies service was awesome ! He replaced my transmission fluids in no time . He did it at a great price with great service .
Love their Dal and other traditional dishes . Regularly stop by for a meal . Very helpful staff .
Wonderful food and great service . Reasonably priced and amazing find in Vegas ! We had the bulgogi and the kalbi with white rice and sides and it was amazing . Would highly recommend .
We love Rudys on Ellsworth and Baseline so we thought we would try the new place . It did not disappoint , the food was great and atmosphere was inviting . We will definitely be back .
Was there just this morning , was greeted when I came in everything was clean and I found everything I needed quickly and Check out was a breeze . Art is great !
Did a great job from order to delivery . Very professional staff and flower arrangement was very nice .
Such an easy company to work with no fuss compared to many other chair rental places we looked at the chair took center stage and was absolutely beautiful and clean thank you so much !
Excellent service and place to be with great staff ! That ' s why I ' m here everyday ! ! ! Every time I ' m here it ' s great so come by and enjoy ! !
Best Chinese food place here in Las Vegas . Very Friendly staff . I wouldn ' t go to any other .
This is the best craft beer place I have been to in Arizona so far . They have an amazing selection and reasonable prices , especially during happy hour that runs until 8pm .
My boyfriend and I visited for the first time . . . . We were not disappointed ! ! All of the food , from the appetizers to the desserts were excellent ! Would highly recommend
This place is awesome . The best hummus I ever had . Prices are good , portions are great and service is fast and friendly . If you like garlic , try the garlic sauce .
Favorite sushi in the area . . . the spicy mayo that Mr . Young puts on the rolls is amazing . . . same with the house made tempura flakes on the crunch rolls .
Steve is great . He replaced a failed condenser within 24 hours of my call and gave me a price significantly less than my other estimate .
Love the food and price not so high , I will continue to order my tiger salad and paithai every Friday : )
One of the best dive bars in the city . Cozy room full of friendly characters and awesome staff , you won ' t be disappointed !
Bomb dot come will be returning , fast service and everyone very nice , tomorrow moms birthday this my be the place .
Everything from scratch , absolutely AMAZING food . Breakfast was fantastic , the pastries were delicious , and they serve Illy coffee . . . the proprietor , is accommodating and we will ABSOLUTELY be back ! ! !
Excellent breakfast and wonderful staff . Have eaten here all week and gave had all great breakdasts .
This place is awesome . True slow smoked BBQ and good craft beer to boot . Get the burnt ends if they haven ' t sold out . They ' re very popular and disappear fast .
Great chapel ! Wonderful ceremony and prices . I would definitely recommend this place if you ' re in Vegas and need a quick classy wedding .
I love this please super friendly environment they never disappoint good customer service . Joey is my go to
Great guys to work with . Brought our Hoverboard in for repair . Turns out it just needed a calibration . Love honesty .
Krispy Kreme has the most softest doughnuts I have ever tasted . Always fresh any time I come . Great to take to work to enjoy with co - workers .
Excellent food for a great price . Very large portions - recommend sharing . Service was extra friendly .
Amazing breakfast , by far the BEST home fries Ive ever had ! Nice employees as well : )
Such great food and wonderful staff . First time here and the man helping us out was so kind , really appreciated is patience and hospitality !
Pink taco is my favorite place to go eat in vegas so far , its always delicious . Great drinks , and great prices . Super fast and friendly services , great hangover food too .
Flower arrangement was beautiful . Wife loved them . Friendly and helpful in creating something really nice . Couldn ' t be happier .
Best food this side of town . Everything is amazing . My favorite is the pulled pork sandwich with their ice tea . All there food is gotten there or local . Fresher food than the grocery store .
Best old fashioned ice cream that there is . Love this place . It ' s a landmark in Gastonia . Not sure what I ' d do without a banana milkshake from Tony ' s .
Simply , the best Lao and Thai food on the East side . Comparable to Thai Style Noodle House .
If I could give Jordan over 5 stars , I would . She ' s professional and sweet and a true makeup artist . Thanks for making me look amazing ! I highly recommend her .
Awesome service ! ! And very fast ! I needed my galaxy s6 fixed and he did a awesome job
Friendly staff , clean office and good service . Very minimal wait . I highly recommend .
Great customer service ! Excellent pricing . The owner was very nice . He had my futon delivered in less than 24 hours and assembled . Thank you ! Highly recommend .
Sake Rok not only had great food but also had awesome entertainment ! Carlos and Vince were exceptional ! We will definitely be going back on our next trip to Vegas .
Great new NoDa addition . Clean and modern environment . Sake and Asian beer selection is good . Food is fantastic ! Knowledgeable Sushi Chef on site . The Ahi Poke bowl was excellent !
Great food and awesome service ! Iove their Crispy Noodles . Tony and Annie are the best !
Anniversary dinner . Excellent food ! ! Fresh and exquisite meal . Excellent service , all their suggestions were 5 stars ! !
Great ownership , sushi is fresh and the drinks are great ! Will definitely come back it ' s a great neighborhood restaurant .
Great food and friendly staff . They have awesome pizza which is very reasonably priced and other food items that are equally tasty . It is low key and the locals are mostly families .
Just purchased another car from Dan Micali and Jim . Great sales experience ! They are always honest and have great customer service . Thanks again !
Great spot ! The dishes are packed with flavor and love . Made with fresh ingredients . Atmosphere is chill , awesome music playing overhead ! Not loud but enough to bounce to .
Cinéma VIP C est relaxant et spacieux on se croirait dans notre salon . Service a notre siège boisson et nourriture Soirée parfaite en amoureux
One of the best spots to get chicken and waffles . Casual with hints of upscale vibes kinda ambiance . Highly recommend .
Excellent performance . Highly recommended . Xavier is very talented and he entertained my whole family . Love it .
These guys are great . They sell huge bales of vintage clothing and Halloween costumes and help us out every year with our annual Halloween party . Genuine , good people .
So good . Love the juice , smoothies , and snacks . Perfect stop during a summer stroll of downtown Hudson . We will definitely go back soon . Always feel better after a fresh juice .
Made my night going with my fiance ! Love the ice cream the s ' mores campfire ! Heck yes to home made marshmallows ! Thank you !
This was the second time coming here but never sat down at the bar was so worth the second trip food was amazing . Everything was fresh and tasted great .
Amazing food , great and friendly service ! Bubble teas are awesome more than not . I HIGHLY recommend this place to eat !
We luv the macarons and coffee . So many choices to choose from A destination to stop by and relax
The best coffee in las vegas ! No doubt . Great breakfasts , if I could , I ' d give 6 stars ! ! Love this place !
I ' ve been coming here since 1998 and excellent food and friendly staff and funny chef ! !
The chef at my table was absolutely hilarious . My steak was cooked perfectly . I would recommend this place to anyone it ' s highly enjoyable .
On time and thorough . More importantly , our carpets look brand new and dried super quickly .
One of the best bakery I have ever been to in Toronto . Reasonable . Great people to serve .
Visited several times and never disappointed . The bi bim bop is delicious and served really hot ( be careful ) . This place is a hidden jewel .
Fantastic . Sat the back bar with Dave who was incredible . Food was out of this world . Oysters were over the top . Staff was so friendly and nice . Best restaurant in Montreal
I love this place ! I can get the same thing every time and never get tired of it . Their food is quite cheap and I love their Lumpia !
Wow this place was amazing . Hector was awesome . Everything we ate was so amazing and prepared with so many different flavors . The drink choice were so creative . This place is hands down a must .
I grew up eating at this restaurant and throughout the years it ' s maintained its authentucity and quality . The service is always very friendly and the food is a true representation of Authentic Mexican dishes .
Great amazing food . And a FUNtastic floor show . . . Highly recomended for your next trip . to Las Vegas . . .
One of my favorite places in Vegas , and I ' m a local . Great beer selection , fantastic food , excellent and friendly service , a trifecta !
Natasha is the shit ! Loved all her advice ! The service , food and ambience were on point ! Get the saison and the special blackened chicken sliders ! Always get the ginger dressing ! ! ! !
Absolutely the m9st hostess , best server , great food , in front of the most unbelievable fish tank . 5 stars !
As good , even better than , many Rome gelato shops . Intense flavor , natural colors . Outstanding .
Excellent skin care with facial , she ' s very knowledgeable and willing to recommend . Great services and a variety of products .
One of my favorite Pittsburgh spots . Great food , fantastic vegetarian options . My go to place .
Terri is simply awesome . I wasn ' t sure what I needed and she steered me in the perfect direction with the Venus IPL . She ' s extremely personable and knowledgeable .
Seriously the best Yakisoba and egg rolls in the valley ! I absolutely love this place !
Best bagel we have ever had - - and that ' s coming from two New Yorkers . Soft , warm , fresh , and doughy yet light . Special place !
Awesome , awesome , awesome . Great pie and fantastic taste . . . the sweetness of the sauce is great with the grease of the meat and cheese . Great job ! ! ! !
This is one of the best music venues in Arizona . The bar and food plus the lounge area is perfect . Hope they get more shows and stay around .
beautiful place , hidden away yet so easy to get to , safe , clean , quiet , what a gem . Very well kept up and lots of fun
food was awesome stuff was fun and friendly . . . gonna make sure to visit this place again
Compared to the other places that I ' ve been to in Vegas , this place tops them all ! Very friendly and helpful staff . Pssssssst . They ' re on Groupon . Definitely check it out !
This is a great pizza . Their Chicago Pizza is excellent . Their customer service is great and you won ' t find a pizza like their ' s anywhere else in Vegas .
The most amazing Sunday breakfast in Summerlin . Every Sunday we are there for the med breakfast and service is excellent
Priceless Easy checking in and checking out ! Call for anything and they come quickly ! The view is perfect ! stayed on the 53rd floor !
We appreciate great Italian food and love this out of the way place . The food and service was top rate . The portions were generous .
Excellent . Great place for a burger ! Would definitely go often if lived closer , which after our meal my husband said he wished we lived near here so could go every week !
Young big muscle studs . Stayed for a few hours on a Saturday night and none disappoint . Not a sleazy crowd and classy set up . Bonus : hot shower scene . : )
This place is fantastic has it all , nice place to chill and get the tension out . . . . Owner Jerry and staff are great . .
Wonderful lunch . I had the red pepper lobster bisque soup and mango berry salad . . . so good ! My husband had the clam chowder and crab sandwich and he loved his too !
Great store . Awesome staff all around - from the owner to all the folks who work there / help out / etc . Friendly , knowledgeable and super helpful .
First time for lunch yesterday and loved it . Simple and fresh ingredients and a very friendly and attentive staff . Very authentic fare . Will return often .
Omg ! Love their deep dish . Friendly staff . Their cheese bread is delicious as well . They are now open on Sunday ' s great for football season .
Don and crew do great work at a reasonable rate . They always make you feel at home while you wait to have work done . FREE AIR , TOO . A rare treat these days .
一个哈尔滨人表示这家做的锅包肉就是锅包肉本肉了！在蒙特利尔吃到炸得这么酥脆柔嫩酸甜可口的锅包肉好激动。The sweet sour fried pork tenderloin is soooo authentic . I ' m from northeastern China and this dish is even better made than did some of the restaurants in my hometown .
BRILLANT FINDS ! The very nicest of people ! Go here for all your home decorating needs ! ! !
Attentive , humane attention . My son ' s knees were hurting him something awful . He listened carefully to his symptoms , observed him walking , and found the perfect solution shoes . Thanks !
I love their Orange Chicken & Sesame Chicken ! The employees are very nice and the sushi is also very yummy ! Plus the prices are amazing !
This was my 1st time ever here . Jacqueline was our server and she was wonderful . The food was amazing and the atmosphere is really cool
One of the best Apple Store in Toronto . I go there after college to spend some time before my work .
This Jerky is the best I have ever had ! Plenty flavorful . Keep producing a great product . . . Thumbs up .
Thomas Keller never disappoints ! The fries are great . . . the mussels are even better !
Buenos tacos a un precio accesible los tacos árabes están muy buenos y la torta de pastor con queso
Went on a Thursday night for dinner . The pizza was wonderful and we had very good service even for a large party . I tasted various dishes my friends ordered and they were all very good .
This place feels really comfortable to me . I love the building . I haven ' t had any problems with the staff . The library is fairly quite ; a really nice place to study !
My favorite Thai Restaurant ever ! Best in Pittsburgh , hands down . My husband loves the spicy egg noodles and I die over the red curry ! !
Great place everything was on point everything was clean and food came out to order . Really good experience . Zack is exceptional at customer service . Thank you
The drinks are absolutely wonderful , from preparation to presentation , friendly staff and great customer service very pleasing . Will definitely recommend it to friends .
Good , real food at fair prices . Friendly service . Homemade scones are fantastic . Fresh smoothies and juices made with all natural , delicious ingredients . Just the kind of place Fort Mill needs more of .
Some of the best fish tacos you will ever have ! We used to have to drive up to the Scottsdale location so very happy they opened here ! !
We come here every 3 months for an oil change and car wash . The employees are always professional and helpful . No complaints here .
I ' ve been going to this Lowes since I bought my home in 2013 the store is always clean and organized and easy to find what you need
Great cup of coffee and environs . Area in the back provides a great environment to group with my fellow Cursillo brothers . Can ' t wait to try the beans I bought at home !
Love this place ! It ' s fresh , food is always delicious , reasonable prices , and right up the street from me !
Amazing ! ! Will come back ASAP , the sugar waffle with Nutella and banana on it was great and it ' s a perfect portion as well
Brunch with Honey . Short rib hash and french toast were sublime ! Excellent service and ambience . Go !
Great burgers . Great craft beer selection . Staff is friendly ! I recommend the Chili Pepper Burger
Check list : Staff awesome Decor awesome Location Great Room clean , bright Place very cool Parking even better
This place is great ! The atmosphere is wonderful , the wait staff are very friendly ( and very sexy ) , the food is delicious , and it ' s not very expensive . 5 stars !
I visited this location quite often . Very clean and organized . Clerks are very helpful . Very professional working atmosphere .
The food is amazing . Great flavor and huge portions . I was craving fried saimin for a long time . Searching all over Las Vegas for it . And I found it !
Awesome customer service ! ! They went above and beyond to make sure I understood everything . I would recommend to anyone ! ! You could Scott truly cared about the customer .
Loved it ! One in Scottsdale off Shea as well . Only thing I was missing after living in Tx . . . was the baked potato !
Tea is always fresh and customer services is wonderful . This has to be my favorite tea spot in Vegas . The Jasmine tea latte with boba and rose milk tea are my go to drinks .
Smoke stack sandwich was great . Clean and friendly environment . looking forward to try the brisk
Awesome breakfast . Quick service . Never crowded . Nice people . Love their baked goods .
Johnny roll , Kiss of Fire , Sun devil , Garlic Butter Special , and Yellowtail nagiri are amazing ! See Randy if you sit at the bar he is awesome .
They always do my cleaning and alterations with excellence . I think the staff works hard to satisfy and have gone out of their way to be friendly to me .
Sushi 21 is our go to place in Vegas for All You Can Eat Sushi . The AJ Tuna and the Cajun Albacore Sashimi are my absolute favorite ! That with some Strawberry Nigori really hits the spot !
Gus has done pictures for our family twice now ! Excellent experience both times and the prices are great ! I look forward to using him more in the future to capture our special moments !
The staff is super helpful , kind & very high energetic energy . They always ask if I have any questions or concerns , very attentive . I really like coming to the PhysicAl .
Special place . You ' re not a number here . My surgery was seamless and the staff was very attentive .
This is the second time that i ' ve been here . My initial impression of great food and great service had been confirmed .
Stayed in the " Rated R Suite " for my boyfriend ' s birthday . The view was amazing , and so sad the hospitality ! Can ' t wait to visit again soon
Amazing foot massage ! ! ! Can ' t wait to go back . The place is quiet and dimly lit . Very good customer service . Best bang foe your buck .
We ' ve been using this maid / gardener service for a couple of months now and we have been very pleased thus far !
By far , the best Korean food I ' ve had to date . Everything was excellent ! The staff was courteous , attentive and the atmosphere was great . Definitely coming back ! ! !
I love this place . Energy is great , the food is amazing . The cooks tonight . . solid ! It ' s clear to me that the team here loves what they do .
One of my favorite restaurants in downtown Pittsburgh . The food is great and also moderately priced . The drinks were tasty as well .
Beer - Battered Asparagus , Craft Beer , and great food on the menu . You can ' t beat it .
The service tech named Corey is helpful and very thorough with what he is doing . Also knowledgeable ! Quick , easy , and affordable !
Great rolls ( generous cuts of fish ) , fast and friendly service . Atmosphere was fun ( medium level upbeat music ) .
Good and fast ! The chicken was perfectly cooked ( thoroughly cooked without being dry ) . The feta fries are a must try ! If you ' re in the area it ' s worth a try .
Our go to Japanese place . It ' s so good . Order their Momo Hamachi , Ebi Tempura , Screaming Orgasm and Miso Soup !
Ordered the lobster pho and bun bo hue . Both were super tasty . Service was excellent . Will definitely revisit the next time i ' m in vegas !
I went to the counter for breakfast the food was great . The waitress was outstandong . she was only waitress on counter . Five diamin0 service . Bridgette was my server
They make the best new York pizza in town . Also all the food is great wings , gyro are all great . I know pizza I ' m from New York .
Fantastic old school diner . Huge portions an extremely friendly staff . My go to spot in Madison for breakfast .
Best Indian lunch buffet in AZ . Awesome service and fresh varieties of delish Indian cuisine . Recommend all the way !
Had a bent rim . Friend recommended Kwicksilver . My rim looks better than a brand new car ! Going to get the other 3 polished and scratches removed . Thank you !
I have been here twice now The food is outstanding Prices are also very very reasonable , service was also good . We will be back
By far the best Hilton hotel I have been to ! ! They never seek to amaze me ! ! Thats why I stay true to Hilton ! ! Best customer service and amenities
We love the surf and turf . Have never had an issue getting a reservation and the peanut butter pie is TO DIE FOR
The BEST Italian food with amazing service ! I LOVE the new wine list ! Ordered bottle of Brunello - the best wine i have ever tried ! ! ! Evening in Trattoria with my family was perfect !
Very nice bbq . Everything is super . Kobe beef was indeed very good and worth the price ! Servers are great too .
Moo shu pork is best I have had in years and wife loved the sweet and sour chicken . . . . . I recommend the Asian cafe for good , quality take out at a good price !
Me and my friend came here both for a fill and pedi . When I say they slayed our nails they slayed our nails ! Definately coming back . Highly recomend
Who doesn ' t LOVE Nordstrom ? I have always been impressed by their top notch customer service and friendly atmosphere . They really go above and beyond and carry a quality selection in most all departments .
Remarkable ! ! ! Recreations of fish made of veggies . Looks , feels and taste like fish . How does Chef Kenny do it ?
Excellent staff and latte - great suggestion for a snack to have ( chive scone ) and on top of that my drink was free because it was my first time there . Comfortable location .
I loved the fact that I could get put on the wait list through Yelp ' s App - very easy and convenient . The food was wonderful and the service was excellent : )
Friendly , multilingual staff ( I get to practise French ) ; careful , precise haircuts ; low prices . What else can you ask for ?
Server was super nice and the food was pretty good . Very attuned to needs of a wheelchair user and to that of a gluten free diet .
Very good , fresh food and very affordable prices . The all you can sushi dinner is a very good deal . I would definitely recommend
Was at PT and won at keno and enjoyed the food . The brown bag special was great and they were selling fry Oreos with power sugar a nd strawberry sauce
This is amazing Vietnamese restaurant . Pho is so delicious , Rice plate with pork grill is big and so jummmm . . .
So happy with her work the day of my wedding . She ' s fun , captures great shots and creates great framing . Love her candid and formal family shots . You won ' t be disappointed !
Tempura fish tacos are a must . Shredded chicken tacos are bomb also and make sure to get the chips and queso !
This place has great products nice area and some of the best customer service that I have seen in a while and are definitely quite knowledgeable
Great Food , Service and amazing Beach View Will be back ! ! ! ! Quality Food , great service and huge portions
Absolutely love the food . The sake are really good . Waiters and waitress are all Japanese and are very kind ! Would recommend to anyone
My tint is perfect and he came to my house . It took an hour and it ' s beautiful . Thanks Kip !
Beat the dinner crowd with a Prime Rib lunch . What a great experience . Diamond Jim cut was sensational . Service great .
Seems like a hidden San Diego type brewery with a big selection of craft beers that change constantly . Their chili packs a punch too
Great pool area and casino . Will probably stay here next time I come to vegas .
Family and I enjoyed our meal very much . Steaks were not cooked exactly as we wanted however they had great flavor . The sides were very good , and the staff were very friendly .
The Tiger Prawn Tamale appetizer is a must . Service is excellent . Great meal ! When in Vegas it ' s worth it to stop by Caesars and give it a try !
Cool little breakfast place . Stopped there as left town for Hoover Dam . Great bacon and biscuits and gravy . The portion sizes are large so plan accordingly
One of my favorite spots . My family has been going here ever since it opened ! My favorites are the kaum poong kee , teriyaki chicken , and house chicken ( or beef is great too ! )
An excellent choice if you are looking for extremely fresh , natural food . Menu changes daily which always provides for a surprise , the owner and coworkers are extremely pleasant . Nice outdoor seating area !
Perfect food ! Awesome service . Will definitely come back Hidden gem in vegas ! Super friendly staffs who willing to explain everything
My favorite bubble tea place near cmu and upitt . The staffs are friendly and the whole cafe is clean and bright . Great place to hang out with friends
Super friendly , and she did an AMAZING job on my nails . They looked really good for almost 3 weeks after I got them gelled ! Best manicure I ' ve ever gotten .
I ordered from here via UberEats and I enjoyed it so much ! The food was delicious ! Chicken was tender and flavourful . . . . prices and portions are very reasonable !
Amazing Mexican seafood in Las Vegas ! ! ! This is a must try and everything is AMAZING ! ! ! ! Best micheladas and seafood is top notch ! ! !
Great food . The service was great , BEST of all our waiter Jeffrey was amazing . He was one of the best waiters I ' ve gotten at any restaurant ! !
Friendly and fair ! Helped me out on a table I needed to sell . Always fun discoveries to be had at the shop ! Has never closed ! Yelp error !
Luv this place . They give a salad that has a light dressing . The food tastes amazing . Quick service
Great service and delicious BBQ , all around a good place for lunch . . The brisket was very tender and moist , turkey was probably best I have had in a long time .
Amazing food , fantastic service . Would highly recommend . The best gyro that I ' ve bad , and the Feti Fries are to die for .
Came here with my three kids , it was fantastic ! We had clam chowder , mussels , cod cakes , etc . Wonderful service and drinks too .
Cozy diner with incredible food , great portions all at a reasonable price . Service was impressive and friendly . Clean bathrooms were a plus .
Great service and excellent food . Have to come here and try out the shrimp . The restaurant is clean and it looks really great inside . I would definitely come in again .
Really great food and service . Come here maybe once to twice a week . Love the freshness of the food . Keep it up !
The first place we came to in Montreal ! Amazing food and service ! Highly recommend ! ! !
The employees are very nice and I ' m greeted with a smile at every transaction . My order is right 99 % of the time and unless if you go at 1am , meals are prepared quickly
Their recommendation of Paneer Tika Masala was fabulous ! ! ! Nice portion , its not too big .
Burnt ends are to die for ! Love their spicy sauces . Definitely the best barbecue I ' ve ever had !
My favorite chicken strips ever ! ! ! The secret sauce is really good as well and you could never go wrong with Texas toast . The fries are ok . A must have fast food .
Gino was our waiter and despite the fact that he is from New York , he made us feel special even if we are from Boston . The food was out standing . Highly recommend .
Husband and wife dentist are super friendly and compassionate with their patients ! I love this place . We ' ve been coming here for 6 years !
Friendly service and delicious food in a simple decor , and prices are really affordable . The tandoori shrimp is worth the try . You can bring your own wine or beer , which is also a plus .
Friendly & Knowledgable Small little store with a big heart . The two guys know their stuff and care about the customer . Its a no pressure shop where you can feel comfortable with the advice and service .
Love this place excellent food and environment . Just wish they had more indoor seating but aside from that one of my faves .
I come here with my boyfriend , we eat crab legs and somkin crab ! It is very delicious , and it is not expensive , although I am a Chinese ! Try it !
The BBQ chicken bacon pizza is awesome . The bread sticks are so good as well I recommend this place .
Excellent Italian seafood , quite and dark light . Seafood spaghetti and seafood risotto is so delicious . Worth to book a reservation !
Food was delicious , beer was good too . We had chicken and jalapeño grits with asparagus . Burgers and wings are tasty too . I ' d go again .
Too bad they closed but the good thing is that TA CARBON MEXICAN GRILL is open www . tacarbon . com check them out or google them I love to eat there
Great Place to stop and enjoy some Fantastic Vietnamese Food and Good Customer Service . Very cute Asian Style Atmosphere make it quaint and comfy . Coming back for more .
This rating is long over due . This pool service is the best . Straight forward , very competitive , HONEST AND RELIABLE ! Thank you Jose for fixing my pool light !
It was all fabulous ! Highly recommended ! The flavors were all new , original , and fun .
The pool is amazing ! Here celebrating our 9 year wedding anniversary and relaxing at the pool . So much fun ! Love Las Vegas !
Love paninis and cappuccino with almond milk ! So helpful and friendly ! A must try !
Shout out to Speciality Auto Finders LLC and Dave the sales man for providing me with excellent customer service . Thank you guys for fetting me the car I wanted and making it smooth and easy !
Love the salads ! ! So big and full of flavor ! Great affordable kids menu - a lot of food and drinks when you get the chicken strip meal . Cool car table .
I love the made to order bowls & burritos . Food always tastes fresh & not a long wait for it !
High quality meat piled high on warm bread . . . delicious ! This is a great option compared with most of the fast food centered food court restaurants . I would definitely come back .
Outstanding staff and beautiful complex
Delicious tamarind duck ! The meat was well done , great crispiness . The tamarind sauce was delicious
Great gluten free options : pancakes , French toast , bagels & organic eggs ! ! Best breakfast in the valley especially if you ' re gluten free ! ! ! !
Very professional and friendly doctor . I am temporary in Vegas from California and was not able to use my insurance but they did everything in their power to help me out . Excellent choice ! ! !
Very tasty food , Good Customer service , Highly recommend Beef Cha Shao Ramen with original soup .
i have had 2 sevice appointments since my ownership and Findlay still is tops in my book ! I would recommend them to everyone
This place is great ! Everything is so fresh and prepared just to perfection . The service is excellent !
this was my first Korean BBQ experience and it was amazing . I visited the restaurant during lunch ; thewaiter was extremely helpfu to me for my first time visit and the food was incredibly good .
Came with my mom , I got a fill she got a pedicure . Great service ! So many brand new colors to choose from ! ! ! ! Everyone was very nice . Also salon is very clean
New favorite juice place . So glad they ' re all over cali and now Vegas ! For some reason , I like the 2 ' s . Green 2 , citrus 2 , and root 2 .
The beef tender was amazing . Great happy hour deals at bar and bartender was great . I will go back . My mother got the pizza with salami and capricious and it was amazing ! !
I had the Salmon Caesar Salad yesterday for lunch and lets just say it ' s my new pregnancy craving ! It was amazing ! : )
Awesome tour and company that completely impressed from start to finish . Cisco was our guide with Levi keeping check from the back . Highly recommend .
Awesome , they really took care of me in the service department . I will always be a return customer , Heidi was great . I can ' t believe how they bent over backwards for me .
Great healthy restaurant in Scottsdale Arizona please come to California Walnut Creek preferably .
Awesome service & great fresh food ! Gotta try Jennifer 2 , Momo tower and must try the crunch shrimp ! DELICIOUS ! ! !
The doctor is very good at what he does . He ' s very good at his care of his patients .
We ' ve lived in Surprise for 8 years and we are always going to this Chick - fil - A ! We love it and they ' ve always been great to us !
Good flavors , nice price , just gotta turn down the radio out front . While waiting in line its a bit much .
A gem ! High quality ingredients , prepared to perfection resulting in great flavors . Service was flawless . Great value . Outstanding Lebanese food . Tell everyone .
Love this place ! ! We come here all the time during the winter and spring - - just a little too hot to sit outside during the summer !
This is a great location and certainly a great business concept . I ' ve had a great experience consigning my clothes with My Sister ' s Closets over the past decade .
This place is excellent . Always a place to get fresh food and my husband really enjoys it also . The falafel is always fresh and it ' s very good
Excellent place to go you can bring your pets give a veteran ' s discount you do an excellent job
I ordered flowers on a Saturday for same day - delivery . Not only did they put together a beautiful arrangement on short notice , they had it delivered within 2 hours of my call !
Such an incredible addition to Arizona . We are so lucky to have this place . I always order the nachos . .
So awesome stopped in on a recommendation , so glad we did amazing craft cocktails and good pricing : - ) great couch / lounge vibe !
Great little Japanese restaurant . The food is delicious and the staff is very friendly . The chef prepares everything with great care . By far the best sushi restaurant in the area .
I love this place . A true hidden gem ! ! ! !
Great lunch spot , nice urban decor and view ! Plan to return for patio dining and games soon ! Steak salad is delicious !
This gym is awesome . Great price . Clean . Jack the manager took great care of me and my friends . Highly recommend .
This has been one of my bucket list restaurants . Worth the walk . Had Elk sausage and had to order a second . The beer selection is fantastic .
Excellent little coffee shop , got a latte and the Nutella crepe . The family that works there is very courteous and delightful . Definitely would recommend if you enjoy coffee and crepes without being a complete snob
Best fast burger and awesome shakes ! Everyone is so polite and professional and the place is clean ! They should offer banquets because it ' s huge inside .
Always good service and great food ! My Dad ' s favorite spot ! Fresh bread and ingredients make amazing salads , soups , and sandwiches !
The service was awesome and the selections are outstanding . The staff are friendly and they make you feel right at home . The owner is outstanding and checks to make sure everything is correct .
Juddi is the best ! She understood my situation & found a way for me to get my brakes serviced on my 97 Mercedes SL320 today . I have found my new home for car repairs !
Delicious food . Tasty drinks . Great service . Don ' t have much else to say except yelp wants me to be more verbal . . .
I love this starbucks everytime I go they are always friendly quick to make my order . The drive thru is even fast .
BBQ beef ribs , fried chicken , brisquit , pulled pork , baked beans , amazing service , chili beer . . . ALL AMAZING !
Great service , wine , and food . A gem in the city of Charlotte . What an excellent place to hang and have a good time .
Best Sushi Hands DOWN ! ! ! ! The staff are extremely sweet ! ! ! Fast and friendly ! ! ! I ' ve been to many sushi places and none compare to this one !
Me and my bf love this place . We are regulars . If you want to try something new come here ! It ' s great for vegetarians and meat lovers as well !
Very yummy ! I would recommend this place to anyone looking to have a good drink that don ' t have a strong taste of alcohol ! !
Beautiful ambience ! It ' s a great place to have a cup of coffee , a pastry , and a nice chat .
Great quaint little bistro with flavorful goodies . Me an the hubby really enjoyed our brunch .
Great local fare . The shrimp tacos and chicken tenders in kickin ' sauce are our faves . The environment is comfortable and family friendly . We ' ll definitely go back .
My favorite Italian restaurant ! Always great service . The stuffed portabello is to die for .
Wonderful atmosphere and great service . Food was exceptional . Extensive selection of craft brews as well as great cocktails . Really enjoyed our meal . Salmon and chicken paprikash were fabulous ! Will be back !
I absolutely LOVE the French toast here ! Great customer service and they do try their best to seat you as fast as possible given that they ' re almost always busy ! Really great place for breakfast !
This place is amazing ! ! ! Huge portions and the food is amazing ! ! ! Get thai food yet . It was really good !
Great dive bar in Tempe . Super festive with the lights everywhere . Strong drinks & decent vegetarian quesadilla .
My go - to order is the chicken nachos ! Delicious , fresh , and decent sized for the price ! We as always call ahead for carryout , and our order is always ready , AND correct !
The service here is AMAZING ! The food was AMAZING ! Will be my new go to Indian place .
I just ate the best Italian meal of my life ! Ask Lorenzo to fix you the Garganelli w / chicken and beef ragu ! You will NOT leave disappointed !
THIS is the best place ! After dealing with the laveen store . . they renewed why I like UPS Stores . They have a customer for life .
The pumpkin cupcake . . . . . . . holy sweet jesus . . . .
Best place in the valley for Dim Sum ! ! Take people you love and a friend who knows how to order = a great meal ! !
Love the fondue , classic Swiss food , mixed field greens salads , etc . I don ' t think u can go wrong with anything on the menu .
Great location , low price if your just looking for a day of fun in the sun . Extremely nice size pool , plenty of room to swim , great area for the little ones .
I ' ve been getting my donairs here for years and the same people behind the counter for years . It ' s a good meaty , fresh donair every time . Clean & friendly . Thanks !
Great decor , quick service , delicious , authentic food . . . went with a Cambodian friend and she gives this place 5 stars too
Love the pizza here . Never a long wait , when I call it ' s ready by time I arrive . Been going here for a while , always greeted with a smile .
Amazing food with a Mom and Pop atmosphere . Vegas doesn ' t have enough small chow spots like this . We love this place !
I was very impressed ! Excellent customer service from start to finish , Not too expensive and they offer affordable plans for anyone without dental insurance !
This place has the best points and bonus deals for seniors . My mother wins regularly and is always treating people to diner at the restaurant .
Tadka is probably the best place in Cleveland for Indian food . large selection of foods , great decor and atmosphere . You can get both the Indian and Indian Chinese cuisines here .
Professional and friendly staff . Quiet and comfortable customer lounge with Wifi . Enjoyed chatting with other customers who were having vehicles serviced . Will come back again for car maintenance !
This area has lacked really good ethnic food . This is a great start , and the food is killa .
Their bakery department is awesome . I love their muffins , I wish I could just buy 6 at a time instead of 12 . Their fresh made pizzas are HUGE and taste great .
Everything was delicious , small selection but really hit the spot . My # 1 lunch spot if I am anywhere nearby
Omg you need to come here ! Melt in your mouth food , corned beef and brisket ridiculous and this food rocks !
This place was great , food and staff was wonderful . Had a few drinks and apps and was taken care of all night long . This is a place I would recommend over and over again .
I absolutely love in and out . Great french fries ! ! ! They always give me plenty of water . Try protein style for people on Paleo Diet .
Great burgers , has that char grill taste to them , and it doesn ' t hurt that they use Pat Lafreda meat . And there fries and onion rings are also great !
This is a great place to go . . . . definitely a hidden gem . . . would highly recommend if your looking for something other than your name brand cookie cutter overpriced business ' s
Had the gluten free white pizza and added veggies . Wonderful flavor and perfectly cooked . Tasted great ! I highly recommend !
One of the better " all you can eat sushi " restaurants . Been coming here for the past 2 years and the quality and presentation of food is consistent and great . Sashimi is always fresh !
Great place with friendly servers and awesome food !
I took my grandma for a pedicure here . We had a great experience . No wait , clean and friendly .
Just had the yellow curry with seafood . . . was fantastic I will definitely go back . The staff was unbelievably great .
Best sushi in town . I come here with my family and friends . They are always busy but have fret quality sushi . I highly recommend this place .
Service was outstanding ! Prime rib , Excellent . Steak was delicious . Not cheap , but if you want a really great dining experience this is the place to go !
Absolutely delicious . You can not get a better fish quality and the team / chef are truly proud of their work . I will absolutely come back .
Best pizza in town . I ' ve been eating Gionino ' s pizza for 20 + years and have never been disappointed .
Cosa dire di Vegas . . . What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas , Baby ! Questa città è incredibile perché è fintamente bellissima ed ogni volta che si torna si scopre un nuovo pezzettino .
I will only come here for tint ! They do auto and home / business windows too ! ! ! I recommend everyone here !
Fresh veggie chipotle wrap for lunch ! I got lettuce wraps instead of a spinach tortilla ! Amazing !
No fuss vegan cafe , awesome quaint live venue in the back , free wifi , lots of character , you can drink here if you eat .
Chelsey Murray was a great server . Everything she recommended was on point . Good food and drink .
New favorite sushi restaurant . Too bad we live out of state ! Best rolls we ' ve ever had .
We had a wonderful stay at this hotel . The rooms were amazing , beautiful and clean ! We had great room service and enjoyed the hot tub and beautiful pools !
The food taste like being back home ! The baked wings are great and the sides were on point also . They also give you slot of food for the price . Friendly staff also .
Best fried rice I ' ve ever had , very authentic . All my friends loved their food . Awesome music too , they were playing CL from 2ne1 .
One of the best restaurants in town . . . . . period ! Fresh sashimi , oysters and kimchi fried rice .
I love this place . It ' s a nice little spot to go to outside of town to burn off a few hundred thousand calories from all the delicious foods I gorge upon weekly .
The honey lavender was just one of many flavors I look forward to enjoying . All the flavors I sampled were not your typical flavors & were tasted freshly made unlike some ice cream shops with unique flavors .
We had Chicken Vindaloo and Chicken Jalfrazi , it was absolutely great . I for a moment forgot that I was sitting in an Indian restaurant in Canada .
Excellent best Persian food I tasted so far . The kabob was soft cooked well and juicy .
Very blessed to have found Dr . Tottori and his office . The staff is kind and caring , true professionals ~ they have helped me so much , and I highly recommend them .
Good coffee . Friendly service . Got the turtle latte . It was very good . Cute atmosphere . Will stop by again .
These sandwhichs and poutines are huge , in fact , my wife and I shared a combo and i am known for a healthy appitite , alot of flavour , these cheese steaks are an enjoyable experience
Samantha is the real MVP ! We were seated quickly and served in a timely manner . Our waitress did not leave us hanging . Great service and food .
One if not the BEST meal from start to finish that I ' ve ever asked in LAS VEGAS ! Farm to table craft cocktails and real people making REALLY REALLY amazing dishes !
The staff at this location are excellent in customer service . Friendly , helpful and fun . As always a great value also . . . .
Get in my belly ! Mmmmmmm . This is the spot ! Reminding me of the Central Park experience I had 10 years ago !
the smoothies are delicious here and the staff has good advice on protein powders !
First time here and the customer service is great ! You can taste quality . I got the Rose Milk Tea and I love it .
They really help me to get my computer up and running again . Will use them again if I have any questions
We ear here a couple times a week . A favoritism the V 12 salad ! ! ! Delicious and healthy
Great food , great atmosphere , great service . We were celebrating an anniversary and the night could not have gone better . I can ' t wait to go back !
Super friendly and delicious food . They keep checking on you and they do their best to satisfy you .
I ' ve been here many times and the good is great . The hibachi cooks put on a nice show .
The tacos are delicious . You can build your own or pick some from the menu . They are $ 3 and $ 4 - 5 with some of the add ons , but so good .
Gluten free vegetarian options and their truffle fries and queso are seriously the most amazing . You HAVE TO TRY THE FRIES !
Nice guys here sold me my family ' s first pet - - a leopard gecko . Seemed like a good deal and they offered to help me out with any questions post - purchase .
Best Korean bbq and service I ' ve gone too . Food and sides were delicious . They thought of everything . Mouth wash to tooth brush to fabreze for your clothes . That ' s service .
They did an awesome job ! Gel nails have lasted 3 weeks and no chips . Agree that they are clean , attentive and friendly . Great place and would definately come back
Always a line , must be good ! I always get the almond milk tea and it ' s yummy . Love that they have crepes as well !
I love this place the food is amazing and the staff is friendly . I feed my family of 4 for 40 dollwrs and we all left full .
Got Tinted today ! Amazing craftsmanship and great customer service , this is the only place to get your windows tinted ! Thanks Brian !
Definitely coming back . It ' s quick and authentic . I can ' t believe I didn ' t come here sooner .
Love ! I go there every day and they know exactly what I am going to get . Always smiling faces
great food , not overly priced , nice people and its healthy .
Oh gosh I love their burgers , fries , green chile queso and the beer . Great place to grab a burger and share some fries . Their shakes are pretty big as well and great for sharing !
These lounges are the best in Vegas to get beautiful at ! Amazing what lashes can do especially on a bare face ! You can ' t go wrong with any artist ! Affordable for anyone !
Great hot dogs and portobello caps !
I had a great car buying experience . Will Labry was fun and got me a great deal on my car . I would definitely buy a car from him again .
It ' s a good place the staff is friendly and very good at there job . Again this place gets busy so you need to be patient and you will be seen in a timely manner
On of the best barber shops around town . Russell always does an excellent job . Walk ins are always welcomed . I will always return to figaros because of Russell
Had the fresh brewed coffee with sea salt cream on top . This was my first time here & it was amazing ! Can ' t wait to go back & try something different .
Their tikil gomen is really good ! I could eat just that , but I ' d recommend getting the set meal and letting them feed you a little bit of all the great things on the menu .
My husband & I took our teen kids to see his show and we all were fully satisfied ! Money & time well spent . Would definitely see one of his shows again . He was great !
We had a nice time here . The waitress was very nice and the food was excellent . We had the Pad Thai , Red Curry and Fried Rice . We ' d definitely come here again !
The salad held true to what everyone said . It was amazing . I also had the mushroom and polenta dish which was excellent as well . Overwhelmingly large wine selection .
Pretty good nail salon . I didn ' t have an appointment , waited just 15 minutes to be serviced for a mani / pedi .
I eat here once or twice a week . This is partially because I hate cooking , but mostly because their food is so good . It ' s also really reasonably priced .
Great Craft Beer . Good people watching .
clean , great service and delicious food . we enjoyed the meat lovers BBQ , it ' s cook your own to !
My favorite Chinese in Las Vegas . Always delicious . Always super fast delivery . Always great service . I have been ordering from here for 3 years and will continue as long as I ' m near .
Incredible ambiance , food choices plentiful ! Had the Slow roasted prime rib ajou - - wow ! Horseradish infused potatoes - - divine ! Prime rib was perfect !
Best in concord area . Super fresh and great service You have to try this place !
Same day service . Fast and courteous . Expert , knowledable service . Wouldn ' t use anyone else for washer and dryer repair !
inside caesars . had the brunch . tortilla thing with shrimp app early on . lots of spice but not too much . bloody was good . service was so - so .
Always friendly and helpful . Interested in my chiropractic needs and helping me get back in shape . I like their no - shenanigans approach to chiropractic care . Highly recommended !
Such a great program for kids ! My daughter looks forward to her time here every week . All of the staff are top notch and really do bring out the best out of all of the students .
They do an awesome job here . I love this place . I live in north LV and I still come here . . . . . YEAH .
Love the food ! ! The manager is awesome ! I go there almost every day . . . they know my name and what I order ! Crazy ! They even give me free lunches !
Amazing food . I got the 7 street tacos . It was very tasty very tender . Obviously made Fresh for each order . The staff is extremely friendly and kind . I would 100 % go back .
Had lunch here today & it was REALLY delicious ! The Chicken Qorma was so good ! Finished with a piece of baklava : ) Definitely will be coming back !
The food at 8 oz Korean Steak House is outstanding , would highly recommend . Great ambiance and excellent service . If you are in the Chinatown Area in Las Vegas , don ' t miss out .
Delicious food and coffee . The scenery is gorgeous . Service is fast and friendly . would definitely recommend nice spot to visit away from the strip .
Gotta see the cussing waiter , it ' s like having dinner and a show ! Great service and the happy hour specials are on point !
Love swensons never had a problem with the one in the falls . Fast service and great food if you ' ve never had it you ' re missing out
Having AYCE dinner with my kids . Good food , great special price ! Presentation was very nice looking . My son loved the green tea cheesecake .
Best meal I ' ve had in a long time ! Great service , super fast , and amazing food ! Absolutely no complaints .
Choose Marnells Cut Steak . . and Creamed Corn . . . this is is AMAZING ! ! !
The staff is always so friendly and I love that they remember my name when I come in to tan ! The salon is always clean and organized . I will never go any where else to tan .
Really kind price and service . You can ' t complain about anything . Good for family , friends , and even lovers . Thank you . So much like it .
Best ever ! the most honest auto repair shop I have ever been too . I would trust them over anyone else .
More meat in a gyro than I have ever had ! ! Great taste and great sauce . I rated this place on food , not the ridiculous line I had to stand in to get it
Great food and great service . Ahi tuna taco was excellent . Loved the French fries and Brussels .
At my favorite place to eat pho but it doesn ' t matter what u order here everything is delicious . The service is great and the ambiance is good .
Currently my favorite place to have lunch ! They have so many delicious , healthy options ! Their customer service is outstanding , they show that they appreciate their customers !
Great food , margaritas , and service ! Always enjoy my experience at Tako .
We have used John twicw now and have been completely satisfied with his work both times . He is very timely , polite and professional . I recommend John to anyone . Thank you John
Dr . Gordon is a very good dentist , soft touch means exactly this . Had few teeth extracted and countless root canals etc . Painless ! High recommended
Seriously amazing coffee and great atmosphere . Plus , super fast wifi work getting work done .
I really love how well they take care off me when I need something also how knowledgeable employees are ! ! !
Employees were amazingly helpful and friendly . They introduced me to some new products ( in my budget ) that I love ! Hurray !
Fabulous food and atmosphere . Mark and Emily are really great entertainers in the Lounge . Don ' t miss them ! Ken H
Friendly staff and fantastic Vet ! Also have a lot of flexibility with appointment times ! Would recommend to anyone !
I was going to give them 5 stars for the name alone , but the food was also good . I was expecting rudeness , but they were actually nice people , too .
Ted Danson sandwich was amazing - make sure you add lettuce and tomato and get it on the Dutch bread ! They make their bread fresh everyday !
Excellent ! ! Our server and breakfast was great . He surprised our son on his Birthday with a special dessert . Everything about this place is right !
Fun , upscale and beautiful cafe . Tivoli Village is a great shopping area . The Nutella Cappucino is tasty !
This is our favorite breakfast food spot . Good family owned restaurant and reasonably priced . Our favorites are the egg and sausage biscuits and the protein pancake . Yum ! ! !
Good , fresh food with rotating lemonades to choose from . Slightly pricier than your average fast - casual lunch spot , but it ' s good .
Oyster , shrimp , crab . . . And thats just to start ! Excellent Sunday brunch and fabulous dinners in a quiet relaxing atmosphere with top notch service . Definitely a five star !
Thuy the cashier was super sweet . It was our first time here and she recommended drinks for us . The drinks were interestingly weird but still good .
Words can not express how awesome this place and staff is ! ! There services work and bring you back to life . You must try it ! !
Wonderful cultural event ! Very friendly people ; Excellent food ; and numerous shows , sights , and goods to experience . 10 / 10 would attend again .
ordered foodora delivery just now and wow this place is great ! Food was amazing , price was inexpensive and portions were super generous .
Two words . Shrimp Tacos . Go for the guacamole , salsa and chips to start , move into a delicious plate of Fried shrimp Tacos and wash it down with your favorite cervesa . . So yum .
Still one of my favorite spots to grab a quick bite . Great food at an unbeatable price ! I haven ' t had a bad anything here yet !
First time there & its was fantastic food was really good fast & its really clean place The bathroom was spotless Will be one of my favorite place to eat
Always a wonderful pizza experience ! I need the calories like a hole in the head , but OMG it is so worth it !
Been here a bunch of times now . Technicians are all professional and efficient . Cool vibe .
Both of my kids have come to Dr . B since birth . He is a very nice , caring and patient Dr . I would definitely recommend Wee Care .
Great patio , drink selection and great brisket . Perfect summer night casual outing . Very close to the Docks volleyball courts and street parking nearby .
Simply delicious burgers & fries . . tried the tri tip sandwich & it was just as good . .
I enjoyed how they gave a puzzle to my 9 year old and had a special soft booster chair for my 10 month old . I would return again .
Great authentic Columbian food . Real home cooking and the service is really good . The portions are large and the price is good
Taiga - why are you closed ? Have been by three times and you still have the Temporary Closed sign up ! ! ! ! ! Please let all YELPERS know that you are not closing permanently .
Great food at a phenomenal price ! The lunch special is a TON of food for $ 7 and soooooo good ! ! !
I love this place ! So cute inside and they do a great job . I would highly recommend this place . Definitely worth 5 stars .
Always chipper always good .
the lady that took my orders was very nice . she even asked me if i need it fast coz she noticed that i ' m in a hurry . foods were yummy too
They food is very fresh , not overcooked or stale . Very clean environment . Staff is friendly and greet you with a smile . That says alot
Excellent breakfast . It ' s a small place but very vey good . We eat breakfast here every other week and never have been let down . Try the Big Breakfast and the grilled potatoes .
Delicious , authentic , and cheap . You can ' t go wrong ! I always order ahead and it ' s waiting for me when I get there .
This was a great place . The server was friendly and the atmosphere was pleasant . The food was good , and the beer was better . And did I mention the server was excellent . She was .
Excellent service . Been taking our dogs and cats here for over a decade . Nee veterinarian is just as great as the orevious .
Best pancakes they are very fluffy nice bacon and eggs very quiet very country great for dads and moms and black bear lovers
I brought my phone in to a camera repair . The gentleman working was friendly and professional . The trip was quick and easy and my phone is as good as new .
Extravagant dinning experience . Very impressive service . Food was exceptional . Great ambience in the restaurant . Three stars Michelin rating very well deserved . One of the finest dining experience I ' ve had myself .
Ordered carry - out from here tonight . Food was excellent ! I ordered it medium and they spiced it perfectly . Malai Kofta and Aloo Palak were delicious . I will definitely be back .
Very good . Cool atmosphere . The jambalaya was the best ever . And we are food snobs ! Service was great too . Busy on a Friday around happy hour time .
Amazing time during the happy hour at 10 pm . Oysters with big variation of sauces and amazing Souvinion blanc from New Zealand . Very cosy and friendly . One of th good places for a date : )
This place is amazing . A nice chill place with a ton of beer to choice from . And let ' s not forget the chile verde nachos
Extremely friendly and helpful ! I feel like I can trust them and they aren ' t just trying to scam me for money . Great place to go for car maintenance and repair needs !
My daughter & I were handled with care ! ! It was my daughter ' s 1st full set and she really enjoyed the experience . Very clean , professional , & relaxing atmosphere : - )
Love everything about Cane ' s . They have my favorite chicken tenders by far , and their lemonade and toast is awesome !
Food and service are amazing ! Favorite Mexican place by far . Kitty and Adrian are awesome !
This place rocks . Awesome food , delicious and nutritious . Awesome people , friendly and informative . Finding the farmers market and Veg Out was the highlight of my recent trip to Vegas .
The salon is professional and luxurious . Stella S . Is incredibly sweet and amazingly talented !
Great food and great service . They serve big portions enough to share . Amazing pancakes !
Excellent service and great food . The employees were very courteous and hard working this is something you don ' t see in many restaurants anymore . We came here tonight and we were very impressed .
Great location ! Things i get are always fresh and the variety of the things you can find is just hard to count ; great people who re always ready to help !
. . . . Omg . . . yum . Thats my review . YUMMY ! That ' s all that needs to be said
We ' ve been using Copy Solutions for our businesses for years . They can provide super fast turnaround , and they keep our files so reordering is super easy .
They have the biggest collection of Alcoholic beverages at the least price in the entire world . B4 I went here I thought BevMo was the king of kings , but not anymore
Every time we ' ve been here we have had great service and we love our waitress Tamara .
They have great lunch specials . The spicy pork is delicious and grilling your own meat is easy . Will return again !
Best lattes in the area . Gladly walk across the bridge to get a nice coffee . Look out for their brunch . Their brunch waffle sandwich is amazing .
They ' re phenominal . Stopped in for a last minute oil change and tire rotation . . . check . No problem . Thanks boys !
L ' Usine C est l ' endroit idéal si la danse et le multidisciplinaire vous intéressent !
Purchased a groupon for this place . The service was excellent and the deluxe prime rib sandwich and the chipolte burger were fantastic . You can bet we will visit again wifalsethout
Spectacular food and attentive service . The potstickers were my favorite selection . Just a heads up , the thai iced tea contains boba . A welcome addition for me at least .
Spent couple hours playing games before ending a family night together . Staff is awesome and helpful .
Delicious mocha ! Great place to work a little and relax a little for a bit . Coffee is amazing ! They roast there own beans at the Tempe location .
District One is a great addition to the plethora of Asian restaurants in Las Vegas . The dishes are always fresh and the attention to detail is not what you expect in a restaurant the Chinatown district .
Tiny coffee roasterery , charming atmosphere , industrial / rustic design and friendly barista . This place easily deserves five stars .
Dr Carmolli is great with people of all ages . Took his time for each person . All the staff is very helpful with picking out glasses and knowing what is the best fit !
Sea Bass Tacos ! ! Great fish tacos ! Street corn is very authentic ! Fresh ingredients ! So far favorites are the Salmon , Baja , Californian . Goooood margaritas !
Adorable spot . Top quality service . Comfortable to talk or to work . They even have blankets on the chairs outside to keep you warm ! / just what I needed today .
Best service best corn beef I love this place ! ! ! It ' s original it really doesn ' t get any better than this hands down ! !
Recently switched our company to use them for our fleet maintenance and they have done an excellent job so far .
Order the great gyro with fries sooo good ! ! ! Very friendly staff kept everything clean !
Best Sushi in Henderson and Las Vegas ! Less rice more fish which is always fresh . Have never been disappointed with service and quality .
My first time here , I really like the food and the restaurant looks really nice like in Japan . We will come back to try new stuff again . Service is good Patty she ' s really nice
Clark provided exceptional service he was prompt and the blinds arrived earlier than expected . I would highly recommend this company . The blinds and screens look great and are exactly as promised .
Best pizza ever . Great employees . The salads are awesome . Say hi to the staff . Michael Hitzel is the best .
Great service , great meal . Medalions cooked to perfection , very good margaritas , the Flan was worth writing home about . It could be called Crema Catalan . Excellent .
Great pizza . The specials look like a good bargain . We had the Bambino , we should ' ve upsized to the family feast for leftovers .
The pumpkin pecan pancakes were terrific ! Came with eggs and bacon . Excellent breakfast .
This shop is special ! Fair prices and wonderful staff ! They are so helpful and knowledgeable ! Next time i am on that side of town , I will be back !
Very nice setting , very good food , fresh ingredients . We had lunch there with our kids , perfect . The owners are very nice people .
Great store with excellent French German and English selection . Owner is a very helpful and knowledgeable lady who helped us a great deal .
I seriously love this place ! Not only is the food yummy but the owners are so friendly and kind . We had a order delivered the other day and of course it didn ' t disappoint .
Great food at Claudio ' s - enjoyed the gnocci and foccacia pizza !
The remodel is so nice and spacious ! My parents are hardcore fans of these tacos , it ' s they ' re go to !
Great beer selection . Their own Orange Bomb which is an orange and chocolate stout is great !
Lemongrass Thai has really great , friendly staff and owners . I live near the restaurant and stop in often for fresh spring rolls - - some of the best I ' ve had !
My kids absolutely loved his place ! ! Great place for the kids to burn off some energy and the parents can relax !
The atmosphere was very relaxing . The fish tacos were nicely seasoned , very tasty . Waitresses were very professional and helpful .
Excellent happy hour ! The food was delicious and big portions . Quiet pretty atmosphere . Will definitely be back next time in Vegas .
Everything is good . The steak is especially delicious ~ just like those cooked in Turscany . Nice .
Impressed ! Amazing drinks delicious food ! Don ' t skip the appetizers or the cocktails here .
Crab cakes are worth every star ! Had the opportunity to re - taste when church members wanted to order 6 crab cakes , after I ranted and raved about the goodness ! Loves them !
Great service and wonderful food . The waffle was so dreamy . I got a scramble with pickled jalepeno and tortilla strips . So good .
Very classy fine dining place in oldtown scottsdale ! ! Awesome steamed mussels and I tried the Glass Noodles w / vegetables !
Awesome pizza and great service . Super friendly and a pleasure to dine out here ! Don ' t forget to try the grilled wings !
I love this restaurant ! Swift service and consistent quality make it a favorite for myself and my family . Must try the Gyoza ( pot stickers ) and spring rolls . Delicious !
These guys have been here forever , and they still kick ass . Awesome gelato and bread .
I have been coming here for a long time . Very clean , organized shop and very friendly . All the artists at Heritage are amazing and do incredible custom art . Great place for a great imagination !
Love this place ! Check out the Chicken Gorgonzola tossed salad . The thin crust European Pizza is amazing . The staff is always efficient . I highly recommend this Nello ' s ! !
Awesome place ! ! Awesome food ! ! Highly recommended ! ! Hot dog was amazing the bun made it even better ! !
Excellent service , they always go above and beyond , we ' ve purchased multiple sets of tires here and they have a great warranty and never give us any problems
Un peu comme chez moi . . . oups ! ! Vraiment un bel établissement ; - )
This is a frequent lunch stop for me . Amazing briscuit and homemade pickles . Highly recommend
Pretty positive experience overall . Great ambiance , relatively private dining area with tall dividers in between booths along the wall . Always enjoyed the concept of korean BBQ and this place did not disappoint
Visit here every time I am in Mesa ! ! ! ! Banana pudding is AMAZING ! ! ! !
Great fresh made to order Greek food and cheap , Service is good . The Souvlaki is to die for . a hidden gem
Great place for breakfast in Summerlin . Maryann was great ! ! So many things on the menu - hard to choose . Definitely try the Banana Nut Muffins .
Love ordering from here , the food is great and the service has never disappointed . The tofu is the best I ' ve tried in fast food .
Been getting my oil changed here consistently and never disappointed . Great service . No b . s . They don ' t try to oversell you or pressure . Honest recommendations . Definitely recommend .
Kim Fung offers a traditional - style Chinese dim sum . Food here is tasty . If you want to experience the best dim sum in Montreal , I would recommend Kim Fung .
I ' m always skeptical of businesses that have such high ratings , but this one lived up to expectations . Best massage I ' ve ever had in Vegas .
Still one of the best locally eatery in Tempe ! Prices are still from the old days and though menu has not changed , it ' s still top notch .
I like John Tyler as a Spin Instructor . He helped me through the class and it was fun . John Tyler was awesome ! I wish he taught this class more often !
Very good Mexican food . The place looks great and is very clean . The staff was cheerful and friendly . Highly recommended
Awesome place ! , come here for something better than the typical Mexican or American food , get the Gyro ! ! 5 / 5
better than italy westside hidden gem save room for dessert - the best cheesecake will stroll out satisfied try the via vecchia wine go there
The Mahi - Mahi plate was made to perfection ! They carefully placed all the right ingredients to make a perfect seafood platter that will suffice for lunch or dinner !
Found this spot while waiting for some friends to arrive in Las Vegas . Great breakfast and the staff were extremely helpful and pleasant !
The best ! In my opinion way better then panera bread and other competitors . Staff is super friendly and helpful and its just an overall pleasant experience every time we come .
So good I almost wish I lived further away . Love the selection of mayo . They only do a few things , but they do them excellently .
We have dined here 3 times already . I order one of the nightly special they all have been excellent . Make this your choice one dsy
Amazing place ! The food is delicious , great variety and great presentation , as well as the establishment . . . will most definitely be returning there !
The fish tasted like it was fresh from the ocean ! Thank you Ona , Maria , Jon and Sushi Chef Ken for an outstanding service experience . Highly suggest the sashimi combo platter .
Tony is awesome with cutting , trimming and shaving . A perfectionist . Honest in his assessment and thorough in his work . No bullshit .
Excellent food . Excellent service . Comfortable family restaurant . Highly recommend even if you have never tried Korean food before .
This pizza restaurant is so good I highly recommend it to who ever is looking for good service awsome food and a great peice . . .
everything was great . hot and quick service of items even though they are busy . a great place to get some comfort foods at reasonable costs .
If you are first time to Canada . This is a must try , not only the service is great but the coffee is just awesome . You won ' t be disappointed !
Amazing wicked Tuna bowl ! ! So so so good ! Price was only $ 10 plenty of food , tuna was fresh ! ! Highly recommend ! !
Food was amazing , great idea for breakfast ! ! ! We couldn ' t stop eating and they were the sweetest .
I like it here . When I ' m craving some katsu or some spicy tuna , I ' ll come here . Pretty cheap . My hubby enjoys this place .
Best duck poutine ! great food , cheap jager !
My go - to sushi spot for dinner . Love the tomato roll and rock - n - roll roll . Great tako ( octopus ) too ! !
Great little place for the family to grab some quality ice cream in Stanley NC . Reasonably priced Hershey Ice Cream , lots of flavors and waffle cones available .
Lisa T . Is awesome , we enjoy our Sunday breakfast Mashed Potato Omelette & CFS Skillet Best in town
Yum , yum food ! You gotta try this place . Meat is tender . Oh so good . go to 19th ave and northern for some great steak sandwich . Personal is friendly and fast .
We came and had a wonderful meal and enjoyed our chef Chad . Very fun would recommend this place and ask for him .
You better try this restaurant the food is outstanding , the beer is very special , everything is very good !
Ask Mr . Sunseri for his recommendations and you ' ll leave with a bag of the best Italian imported food in the city ! Great quality foods and always fresh . FANTASTIC place to shop !
Great food and service ! ! ! Had a 4 level seafood tower and a 40 oz Tomahawk Ribeye , cooked spot on ! Our server Jayme was fantastic ! Great dinner !
Doctor is efficient and thorough , the staff is pleasant and helpful . Very pleased with my experience and will be coming back .
Great butcher . The meat is always fresh , nice small supply of vegetables , decent hours , friendly staff . I would rate the meat here above any other place in the area .
Love this place it soo good the staff is friendly and they have the best whipped cream ever would recommend
I ' ve been coming to this location for a few months and have no complaints . The service is great and the staff professional .
Andrea is an amazing employee . She has outstanding customer service . She is unaware but it ' s my birthday and she definitely made it special . Thank you Andrea !
Jessica provided us with amazing service . The chicken curry is one of the best I ' ve had and I actively look for good curry . I will return because of Jessica and the curry .
Hilarious , great time ! Great cast & great show ! Reasonable ticket price for a fun , great evening .
Nicole does great work . My 1st time here and so glad . I will come back for sure , it will be my spot !
Great food , great value and great service . Staff was very pleasant and accommodating , and , spoke great English ! Large menu - maybe could even be a bit smaller . Clean and inviting place .
Michelle does my color and cut . She rocks ! ! ! Very good at her job and a very fun girl : )
I love this place , an awesome neighborhood bar and one of the only places in town that make a great Moscow Mule ! Very social and a great place to hang out with friends .
I have never had a meal like this , in my entire life . From the service , to the art on a plate , it was amazing .
Super fun place with great coffee . They also have some great specials on beer . Lots of local art adorning the walls .
Awesome food . I ordered the southern catfish and chicken fingers . It taste homemade and the prices are relatively cheap . Good deal for some catfish . They give you a lot for your money too .
This has become my local spot ! Love everything on the menu here and I especially appreciate the giant coffees . Favorite sandwich - the Eggplant Sandwich YUM Breakfast - The Quiche is amazing
Name has the dankest soft - serve soy ice cream ! Sometimes there is a long wait for a Tsoynami , but it is worth it !
The shrimp salad was so good I had to have it both nights I stayed at the Embassy Suites . Brian is the best bartender in town !
Great location and very relaxing outdoor seating area . They do carry almond milk which is awesome due to my wife being dairy sensitive .
* * * Closed unexpectedly yesterday afternoon * * * * This place was great . . . excellent food . Service was a little hit or miss at lunchtime , but it was tolerable .
Leslie was wonderful and so accommodating for our Girl Scout leader appreciation party ! The studio is fabulous and so fun ! ! Highly recommend ! !
These guys are the best at their craft . If you want a solid cut , or beard trim , this is the place to go . Best barbershop in Arizona , easily .
Jen was amazing ! Not pushy , great prices , easy to talk to , and made me look and feel great ! Will refer and come back !
Daniel hooked me up with some last minute xmas nails when I came in town . And I got some laughs on the side for free ! ! !
Jodi was a fantastic teacher trainer . Tatiana teaching Pilates will leave you sore in the best kind of way .
Best brake masters in the valley ! Great customer service ! knowledgeable mechanics ! AWESOME management .
Very Nice place reasonably price a good hangout spot if you like poker you definitely going to like this place
Best chimichanga anywhere . And HUGE ! The staff is nice and the ingredients they have are epic ! I never leave hungry . Cool neon sign too .
Get the Portuguese egg tarts . Venezia recently did an exterior and interior renovation . Different look but pastries and egg tarts have the same amazing crunch and soft centres . $ 1 . 25 each tart .
I have to say that place is great There food is # 1 IN LAS VEGAS Will keep come over And will recommend them always
Love this place . Good prices and i love the homey vibe . Highly recommend this place !
Very friendly owner that makes an amazing birthday cake martini ! ! Can ' t wait to return and try some others .
I had a good experience here . Not really pressured . Was taught how to find things on their big screens . Installation was quick and my new entertainment center looks great . No complaints here
Amazing pool company . Small company , way better than the big companies just out to make money . We have had nothing but great experiences with our pool remodel and purchases in store
Exceptional work ! I will continue to only use this company . That water heater is on its last legs and I won ' t hesitate to have apple install our new one .
Best Tacos in Phoenix ! They use high quality ingredients in their delectable menu items . All locations are always very clean
Love the photo session , The Young lady who took our pictures was so professional and friendly , had a nice time too . Was able to take our photos home that day . Lovely experience .
One of the most amazing shows in Vegas . I really enjoyed this show and recommend it for adults and children and teens all the same . Really funny , really good , totally worth it !
Always fresh ! Delicious chicken every time , my two boys and I love Canes !
I like this place for breakfast . Friendly service , cute decor .
Work was done quickly and very personable . I will use them again - without a doubt . Price was reasonable and work was done well , too .
Zucchini , roasted red pepper risotto with pumpkin seeds had perfect texture and taste and plenty to pack home for leftovers . Waiters explained the Italian menu as we ' re newbs to Italian dining . Great experience
This place is awesome . Their sandwiches are delicious and customer service is always great . Don ' t forget to try their slice of bread samples .
The banh mi here is great . My wife ( from Saigon ) and I go here very often . The banh mi is very similar to what my wife remembers back in Saigon .
Best pedi I ' ve had in a long time . Lovely staff ! Highly suggest this little studio . Tentative and friendly . Price is right as well .
Absolutely the best tacos in the world . The carne asada tacos are tender and the chili chicken is to die for ! Definitely recommend coming here !
Awesome ! Another Fox home run . Great place for a quick , light , healthy meal ! ! Will definitely be back !
She is a very nice unassuming lady who does excellent work ! I have referred many friends to her and they have all been very happy .
Rich and his crew from Purchase Green did a fantastic job in my backyard . I highly recommend them to anyone looking to install artificial grass or turf .
Great tattoo shop . Highly recommend Anthony Ortega ! ! ! I wouldn ' t let anyone else in Las Vegas tattoo me .
AJ ' s has a great staff and do great work for a very affordable price . I don ' t use any other tailor in town . The best .
Good food , consistently great service . They are fast and attentive here so make sure you examine the menu to get the best !
This food is good spicy and hot lovin it . I highly recommend it if you want to have a quick lunch .
Great food , nice people , open on Sundays , super cool . Will come again when in area . My daughter loves the pot stickers .
Yummy Indian food . Love the garlic Naan bread ! Good ambiance ! Friendly staff . Will recommend !
I love this place for sushi and drinks ! Friday and Saturday nights are usually pretty busy but any other night of the week is great ! They have an awesome happy hour , too !
Love this restaurant ! Have been a loyal customer ever since it opened . Very reasonable prices . Delicious dishes with excellent portion sizes . Quick service too . Highly recommend it !
I ' m seriously addicted . Their delivery times are quick and the food is great . I order from them at least once a week .
Absolutely love this place ! Whenever I have friends in town we go here . You can cook the food yourself or they will .
Best place for sushi fast friendly service ! ! ! I can always count on great authentic tasting food thank God it ' s local . You ' ll love this place
Saw the article about this place in New Times . So glad we saved the address . It is incredible ! So good .
Great location . Bought a couple of electronic accessories and printed out some documents for work . In and out fast and easy .
Absolutely love their menu option . If you aren ' t into healthy food I still recommend going here because they make it tasty and interesting . It helps get a good foot into clean eating .
Alex was awesome and the establishment was impeccable . This was my first visit and have no complaints .
This is the best school to learn real wushu . The school was my home away from home for many years . Still to this day have so much respect for wmaa
Been going here for over 25 years ! All their fajitas are good , but I like the steak fajitas the best . Also they have awesome chips and salsa . good tacos , too .
Some things went wrong when we were in dining and management was quick to resolve . My Thai Bowl salad was to die for . And service was friendly ! Definitely will be returning !
Went with 6 of my friends and we all had a great time ! Staff were very nice & always checked up on us Great variety of board games & video games . Will come back again !
My favorite sushi restaurant in Madison . The sushi menu is just as good as the entrees . My favorite roll is the Godzilla . They also have a great cocktail menu .
Service was awesome . . . she is the step daughter of the owner and told us all about the restaurants history . Their jalapeno hummus is to die for !
Services were nice and quick , nice quantity of food and they are pretty tasty too . We all enjoy the dinner there lol
Great shop . I can ' t 89 agile why anybody would complain about speed of service . Slow is better when doing mods . This ain ' t jiffy lube .
Sandwiches are delicious and bread is always fresh and free of preservatives . Great customer service , too !
You have to try and the chicken wings and the plantain nachos ! Great location ( right off Penn Ave ) and really good service .
Loved Baguette Cafe ! I tried the blue Brie with mushrooms and everything was so fresh and delicious , will definitely be back to try some of the other amazing looking food .
This is our absolute favorite pizza to have since we are from Chicago . So glad they opened up this location so we can enjoy more often ! !
I finally found a perfect donut place ! And it ' s absolutely delicious ! Must try for everyone !
Quick , no frills , but very tasty establishment . Get your hash browns extra crispy !
WOW . Stopped in after the AZ ROAD RACER 5k . The machaca special was great ! Eggs bacon and french toast was wonderful .
Started going to Nellos on Alma School in 1990 . . . Loved I then and love the Warmer location now !
I love this place so much . Their deserts and coffee are so bomb . It ' s a bit small and a bit pricey , but soooo worth it .
Billy was extremely helpful . I always have a good experience when I come to this location . They ' re very informative and helpful .
Amazing iranian food ! Everything on the memu tastes great , I have tried it all with my family . I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants tasty ethnic food .
If you want your Crêpe soft and flavorful then this is the place to go . They have wide variety of flavor to choose from . The place is also great for family and kids .
This place is incredible ! We have tried several desserts here , and every single thing was to die for . The banana Carmel pie during the holidays was a huge hit with my family .
First Time here . . . Got a hot Turkey Sandwich . . . Real Turkey and Real mashed potatoes . Great friendly service !
Best wings I ' ve had here in Phoenix / Scottsdale Everyone is super nice and friendly . Thanks guys !
Love bandera ' s Excellent food service quality Gets a bit crowded but well worth it
Come here all the time to do my eyebrows , literally Jina ' s the best & it ' s cheap . So win win
5 stars for fast service and cool walk up window to pick up mobile orders or place them there . Covered patio us a nice touch when it ' s not 100 degrees .
Super awesome place and delicious food . . . we ' ll be back . The beer tabs are heavy on IPA but man they have a variety . . . wine selection is great as well !
Like others above . . Line at LaUnica so decided to try . Wow , fantastic ! Can ' t wait to go back and try some more ! !
Every time we come to Vegas , we come . . . Delicious Food . . . Great service and the cocktail ' s very creative ; ) ) ) ) )
Pretty Ono bowls ! The rice was just right . Got the 808 , added a few extras and the flavor worked well together ! So happy it ' s up the street .
Love this place the salads the extra dirty martini omg I cant get enough the people are really sweet and the place is really clean stars straight across
Very good Korean BBQ with big varieties full of flavor and taste and served in nicely manner with reasonable price We will comeback to this place for sure
Just stay a day here . The pools was clean and warm . Rooms was also well clean and fresh it was really nice time that we spend here . Staff was super friendly : )
Been almost 2 years since last here . Excellent service . Waitress and other staff very attentive to whatever you needed or asked about . Food was excellent . Bread basket was offered and accepted . Thanks for improving
This place is off the hook amazing . We have yet to try a dish we don ' t thoroughly enjoy .
Love this place ! Must try the baked lobster sushi roll . . just needs more friendly and talkative waiters
Great staff . They delivered to my car because I could not run inside . Missed the extra dressing I asked for but no biggie .
Searched alligator in Yelp and found this little gem . So gooooood ! My gf ' s first time having alligator and she loved it . Get the fried alligator with waffle fries you wont be disappointed !
This is probably the best Japanese restaurant in town . The servers were amazing , they knew exactly what I wanted and helped me out extensively . Very attentive and catering .
We love this place ! The food is great and the service is good too ! We are excited that they are moving to a larger location !
One of the hippest coffee spots around . . . . Old Scottsdale . This is the place to be for strong delicious coffee ! !
Excellent ! We love the service and all the trees ! Smells like Christmas ! No grimey salesmen here ! They all want your tree to be fresh for as long as possible .
Thick cheesy pizza . The toys keep my kids happy and we love it here . The ranch dressing isn ' t very good though .
This place is awesome . Arizona is lucky to have such a great vegan dining option . We could use a local in TX . The end !
Une découverte . Cuisine originale , saveurs , plaisirs jusqu ' aux saveurs des boissons . Génial !
Have always had good service at this location . This trip Gary ( Johnson ? ) went above and beyond to accommodate us . Everyone provided exceptional service .
Loved this place . So many options for everyone . I got one of the salads with falafel . It was perfect . I would go here often if there was one close to me !
Delicious ! ! ! ! ! Better than Panera Bread . Highly recommend this place . Glad to have them in Vegas .
Best cuban food I have ever had ! ! Get the short rib plate but make sure you save room for the homemade donuts and a cuban coffee to seal the experience . . .
Top 10 restaurant in the world . ( I have been to every continent and every major country ) being from Chicago I also know what good looks like . This place is awesome ! Go here
Best Jamaican food around . Wayne does it right with an authentic blend of Jamaican eats . Vegetarian friendly
my favorite is the single cheeseburger with fries & chocolate frosty it ' s located in the Boca park shopping center stop by on your way for lunch you ' ll enjoy it
Great course , good folks . The carts could use some maintenance .
Dishes are delicious and served like pieces of art ! Worth the higher - than - average prices .
Amazing tacos ! A must try if you ' re in the area . Quaint place with great service ! We visited before a Cav ' s game ! Awesome location .
Hands down best biscuits and grits in the world ! It ' s a great place for a quick breakfast and the staff is on top of everything !
I eat here every week . . . no joke . I love it . No frills , but always solid food .
Amazing experience . Great guys . Fantastic view and really a killer spot . Highly recommend this to anyone .
Fantastic meat , sides and sauce . Did I mention that the staff is friendly and you can tell enjoys working there ? Will definitely be back !
Hamid was very courteous . Heather was as well . They gave recommendations without being pushy . I look forward to getting my " baby " running right !
Great service ! Wilson is awesome , the clothes are incredible and prices can ' t be beat !
Everytime I order from this place , I am NEVER disappointed . They go above and beyond . The delivery drivers are ALWAYS amazing and the food is piping hot ! They care about their customers !
Dr Chris does a phenomenal job ! Almost Never have to tell him where it hurts - he magically finds it all ! The walk in policy and the monthly fee are worth the health investment ! !
Great service and food . I eat here often and it ' s well worth the price . Always an excellent dining experience with Florin . Great strip view and good drink options . Highly recommend .
This place has next level carne asada for sure ! As if the beef was cut from the holiest cows if the land ! Best tasting carne asada in Arizona !
This place was absolutely spectacular . Friendly staff , and we did massages , mani , and pedi for a bachelorette get together ! Definitely recommend for all bridal parties
My daughter loves this place , unfortunately they ran out of money and are closing currently .
Best restaurant in the US . A la carte menu is better , but prices have increased to disuade you from ordering it over the prix fix .
Food was great , large portions & the service was awesome . . We ' ll diffendently be coming back .
Never disappoints ! They take pride In their pizza and it shows ! My favorite in Vegas !
Some of the best brunch around ! This historic breakfast joint has some of the friendliest waitresses ever ! The food is outstanding !
Amazing . The chocolate was super chocolatey . The pistachio had actual pistachios in it . Just delicious .
This is a great place alot of different unique drinks coffees really good , very fast friendly service I ' ll be going back again soon
Super yummy ! They should bottle the Paugri ( who knows if it ' s spelled right ) and sell it , it was amazing ! So glad we came here !
Great personal service ! Intimate setting ! Great selection ! They go above and beyond the call of duty !
Sushi is amazing . Their kitchen menu is even better . There are so many unique items on it . I love the spicy green beans , foie gras & the miso cod .
For a younger crowd . Love the dark atmosphere and music . Good sushi and drinks . Here for a bachelorette party dinner . We are from out of town . Will definitely come back again .
The location is perfect and the food is excellent ! ! ! Oooo Dione the server was great ! ! !
Me and my daughters went to get full sets put on and they even stayed open later so we could all 3 get done for my sons wedding
See Johanna ! No only is she a great stylist , I had a blast just shootin ' the s @ # t with her . . . Love my hair now !
Friendly staff , amazing fries and even better ice cream . The owner talked to everyone and was open to suggestions . The place is small , but that ' s part of the charm .
This store is HUGE ! make sure you hold onto your children ' s hand or else they can wander off and get lost in the actual mall there .
The service here was amazing ! Loved the atmosphere and look of the cafe , the food and coffee are delicious ! A bit pricey but worth it !
Best staff experience . Always leave feeling like I ' ve been took care of instead of getting taken advantage of . Antonio was very helpful . Will return .
This place is delicious ! ! ! Low key , nice staff and wonderful homemade food . It ' s a great blend between sushi and tacos , what more could you want ?
Sushi Delivery ? ' nuff said ! We order from here at least once a week . THe food is always consistent , and the prices are good . THey have great coupons and friendly staff too .
I love this place ! Awesome food , nice staff , CLEAN bathrooms ! I got a Jumbo Burrito with chorizo and fresh sliced jalapenos . . . . yeah , it was amazing !
Best pho around . I hate when the craving hits on a Tuesday because they are closed that day .
Love going here . Always nice , quick , and super tasty . Chefs are always smiling and coming up with new ideas to make it interesting for repeat guest .
By Far , my favorite curry noodle soup . Great flavor and service too ! My also try the fish with chili sauce !
Hands down consistently the best pho I ' ve ever had . Also one of the cleanest and best priced Vietnamese restaurants I ' ve been in . No frills just great food .
Great lunch spot when the weather is nice enough to have the doors open . Close to parking lot next door .
Went here with a client , her suggestion . I was really impressed ! Fantastic food at great prices . Service was fast and friendly . I highly recommend it . And will definitely be going back !
The experience cannot be explained in short words . The environment and staff are amazing . The menu bith on food and drinks side is amazing . Overall it has been a great experience !
This is my absolute favorite pub to visit . Great food , and I am in love with Ace Pear Cider . I try to get over here every other week .
The waiting time isn ' t long at all . Service is fast and attentive ! Great food , would recommend to anyone .
Amazing venue , great music . Packed , hot and humid for a Friday evening in June , but so fun ! Adorbs
2nd time we come here , the food is fresh and delicious , servers friendly .
Very friendly and helpful staff . Excellent coffee and pastries . Nice and relaxing atmosphere .
i love their greasy tacos . . . always yummy and of course the jalapeno poppers
These guys are great . My husband took my car there for service and the owner took care of us personally . Employees were on the ball . They even vacuumed and washed my car .
my favorite thai place in america . beautiful ambiance , great food with fresh ingredients . attentive service . more expensive than a typical neighborhood carry - out place . but well worth it .
The sushi here is so good and fresh that it literally melts in your mouth . The waitress was extremely friendly and the service was quick . This is a must go to sushi place .
This is a terrific local restaurant . The food is great and so is the service . The employees are friendly and the food is always served quickly and is always hot .
Ruby , the lady who assisted us , was very pleasant and thorough . Our experience overall was great .
Kristin is the bomb dot com and so is the thunderbird . I recommend always asking for a side of sassy .
Great upscale dim sum in Toronto ! They have unique twists and it ' s a beautiful setting to dine in !
Excellent food and service and a great place to have a company luncheon . The burgers , club and fish are really good and the pan cookie is seriously to die for !
Had 2 caguamanta with shrimp tacos . Definitely hit the spot for being hungover . They dont serve beer unfortunately and also make sure to bring cash only . Will Def go back to try other items .
The Scottsdale DMV is always friendly with fast service ! I always come here to this location ! Never been in line more then like five minutes
Yummy ! Good customer service and great food . Cannot get enough of this place .
What an awesome food ! ! ! We ordered chicken karahi and lamb curry with garlic and seseme naam and it was amazing . I ' ll definitely come back
Just happened to stop by this place and let me just say the beef kabob is the BEST IVE EVER TASTED ! ! Excellent deal with groupon !
Fantastically beautiful and nouveau rooms complete with marble floored bathrooms , double LCD flat screen TV ' s , jacuzzi tubs and a beautiful night view of the lights .
The Truffle Macaroni & Cheese and Potatoes Au Gratin are nothing short of amazing . If I were on death row and had to choose a last meal , it would be from here .
Cook your own BBQ . Options of 45 , 55 , 65 for 2 with preset menu or pick your own . Amazing
Excellent food , I found a way to go back there twice in the short visit I had in Arizona .
Never disappointed when I come here . They have a great deal . They ' re attentive and quick . You can never go wrong with Asian Cjtrus Chicken and Crab Avocado Melt for only just $ 9 .
Love it here ! Great food ! We ordered the porterhouse for 4 ! The best choice we made for a group dinner . Along with the delicious sides !
I called Pete for water damage repair after reading great reviews . I am glad I did . My walls look as if nothing ever happened . THANK YOU ! ! !
Really great food and beers ! We had the guacamole , hummus , and cheese board . All were excellent .
Visiting from California and looking for something off the strip . The food was amazing ! Came with a group of 6 and everyone loved their meals . You can ' t go wrong try this place !
BEST STEAK I ' VE EVER HAD . EVER . It was better than MGM grand mansion and it doesn ' t usually get better than that .
My go to restaurant in champaign for special occasions and celebrations
Amazing hamburgers . Totally filling and memorable . Fries are good , milkshakes are good , not special though . Would skip both of these as they ' re overpriced . Burgers are worth their cost easily .
I just got my toes done and they ' re stunning ! The girls here are funny as hell and they really know what they ' re doing .
Great little restaurant for breakfast . Service was quick and friendly , food excellent . Will return for cocktails and dinner .
I was so impressed with the softness , moistness and flavor ! I had the Pumpkin spice one , it was delicious ! Thank you
Pastries and cakes that are ' TDF ' . Now I know where to go for good desserts .
Absolutely brilliant bakery ! My favorite in all of Pittsburgh . Amazing staff and food !
Great breakfast spread , coffee bar , nice simple clean rooms all for a responsible price ! Very happy !
I love the exterior and interior decors . The breakfast are very good . I really enjoy dinning . Great services and good food .
Always refreshing ! This location is just off the casino floor and very accessible from the sports book or your room .
Chris and his team are wonderful ! ! ! Great communication . Best promoter in Los Vedas . . . .
fast , efficient and uses modern technology to find the right parts for your car . Not cheap , but you pay for the service and quality products they use .
Small funky place on little Berkley St . Food was delicous and filling . As a free starter they give u tortillas with 5 sauces mild to burn
Amazing zucchini sticks ! Great service by all , love that my son can have a great breakfast while my fiance can have great burger , while I have an awesome salad !
Absolutely love this place . The Parsley Nachos are to die for . I ' m here about once a week and have all my contacts workers hooked on it !
Sooooooo good ! ! Perfectly cooked and fresh , super friendly staff and great flavors . Terrific value as well ! ! ! Enjoy !
Awesome mechanics with great prices . Always leave here with a good feeling . I hate leaving a shop feeling like I am getting scammed and that doesn ' t happen here . Highly recommended !
Good coffee & great lunch - chick pea bowl with kale & red peppers & sauce - Good food - comfortable place
Me and hubby ' s go to ice cream place , always a pleasure to get ice cream no matter it ' s in the summer or winter : )
Best Mid - eastern restaurant in Pittsburgh ! They owners are always there and do everything to make your experience wonderful ! The food is the absolute best ! ! !
One of my favorite fast food authentic Mexican places . I always try to get there when I ' m in Phoenix . Love their fresh corn tortillas . . . mmmmm
These guys are great . I was in and out in less than five minutes with a new battery for my iPhone .
Good service . We ordered Steak and Bürger . Both were very good . We can definitely recommend the place .
This place is amazing ! Their garlic knots are so delicious , the pizza is pretty good & the service is good . I can ' t complain !
Food was amazing ! Stopped by to try it out and was pleasantly surprised . Feels like I ' m sitting in my own home . We will absolutely be back !
We eat here frequently and drive about 20 minutes to do so . My husband loves the bacon cheeseburger pizza and the cheese sticks are my favorite !
Had an amazing spa day at Green Valley Ranch Resort . It was incredible ! ! Will definitely go back .
Very good french fries and my sub was pretty delicious .
One of my most memorable Father ' s Days of all time . Great beer , bratwurst , decor , service and crowd . WURST has a great feel to it .
I love this place ! Is a totally chill place to grab a bite or drink ! Our server last night Joy was amazing she is perfectly named !
Aaron is an awesome bartender . . . best time I ' ve had at any bar since I ' ve moved to this neighborhood ! ! He ' s a young old school bartender ! ! !
Funny , witty , excellent show to watch with people that enjoy " political incorrectness " - Affordable price for a night out with friends .
Brought a group of 12 all was great Superb service !
Mmmm Food was awesome . Loved the restaurant . Friendly people . You order at counter and they have lot of choices . Will go again when II ' m back in area .
Went there for a wedding ceremony and reception , service was great , the staff was courteous and the food was really good , I had deer steak for dinner and it tasted heavenly . . .
Awesome banh mi ! They also make great bubble tea , which is hard to find ( good or otherwise ) in the area !
Loved the scallop special and pumpkin cornbread dessert served up with flair by Chris Little !
Very clean salon ! I scheduled a manicure and pedicure and as this salon is by appt only I was seated right away and Maria did a fantastic job ! I will definitely return .
5 stars for the service received today by Gavin ! He gave prompt service , was very friendly and was on top of everything our entire visit !
The best food beats any american fast food , definitely better than mcdonalds . Affordable and friendly customer service , most important food is delicious and I hate fast food personally
A fancy meat and three with a purpose . I have always gotten great service here , lunch and dinner .
Delicious food and great service ! Everything I want for my breakfast ! Highly recommend this place !
Great food , hector our server was awesome and made the experience . Good music . . . Lots of throw backs , and they were able to sit a large group right away .
It can be challenging to find a place that offers haircuts for men at affordable rates without hassle and an impressive end result . This place is a gem of old - fashioned excellence .
Great food , friendly staff and tasty cocktails Tuesday ' s are my favorite night at JUICY BEETS the music , people and vibe is like no other .
I can ' t find any fault with the place , even if I tried . I ' m still getting used to szechuan food , but it was great here . Amazing service , and nice environment .
I came to see the new Trader Joe ' s and had an excellent experience . The staff was very helpful and the store was nice and clean .
It is an awesome place . Butter chicken poutine is a MUST try ! ! ! The waiter is really nice and accommodating , the place is so homey . Will definitely come back .
One of the best massages I have ever had and the price is wonderful . Thank you Pure Relax 2 for making my Mothers Day wonderful and thank you to my daughter for the excellent gift .
The only place to purchase pool and spa supplies in Las Vegas ! Friendly staff and great selections ! Thanks guys !
Would recommend and use again . Price was right , was on time , and the carpets are clean . All you can ask for .
This is my favorite local bar ! Good food , happy employees , and always a good time . Clean , bright , and refreshing !
The grouper sandwich is just as good as you can get in Florida ! ! ! Meaty and grilled to perfection ! ! ! ! ! Flown in fresh .
Delicious food and great service ! A little pricy tho . . . the Donaire meat was super flavourful and sooo tender ! ! Very generous portions .
Awesome experience . Excellent customer service great family business . I was selling the car and he got it done @ 4 : 50 on a Sunday . This place will get all my business .
Awesome service , great food , the restaurant is kept spotlessly clean . Friendly staff . Reasonable prices . A great addition to the area .
The place was great for our three children . It was a nice half mile away walk on a stable dirt Path . The kids enjoyed some of the games and sitting areas along the way .
Service staff is super friendly and food is always great . Love the Bloody Mary bar on Sundays . One suggestion is to carry an IPA on draft .
Mangonadas arent that good just taste like a slushy not authentic . But otherwise bomb
The best cafe restaurant in town . Very good coffee , the food is unbelievable ! ! We just love this place ! !
Walked into the higley and Guadalupe location on a whim , was greeted right away and was able to get right in for a haircut . Great experience would go again for sure
Place was welcoming , clean , family friendly , and food was good . Husband ordered broiled chicken and I ordered a pizza .
Lobster bisque . Do it .
Best bean and cheese burrito . The tortilla is really good too ! They guys are nice too .
Best restaurant in Arizona because the taste is great and the macaroni and cheese are outstanding
This is how shopping should be experienced . Beautiful clothes and knowledgable staff . If you have a negative review of this place , you are either poorly dressed or unable to afford the brands sold here .
This place is wonderful ! The food is delicious . The service is friendly and helpful . The prices are competitive . I love the family feeling I get whenever I visit .
Excellent café et beaucoup de fruit et légumes frais
I ' m from out of town and besides the fact that this McDonald ' s has a surprisingly beautiful interior , the staff is exceptionally nice !
The bar with the most personality in the city . What Betty ' s lacks on the menu it more then makes up in character , beer on tap , and great patio
Great little diner service excellent , food simple but good home made selections . Soups are exceptional . The place is small but the wait was worth it . I will definitely try breakfast next visit
I like all Jimmy John subs . This location I like the best , very clean environment , good service , great food & they have a drive thru .
Great park , good condition , nice large and unique splash pad and kids play areas . Shade , open space , basketball courts and lots of grassy areas . Limited parking for groups .
Last night , my family and I went to the Angry Crab . The food was amazing and seasoned to perfection . Great service , and positive vibe ! We can ' t wait to go back . .
We ' ve ordered take out & also have dined in , we ' ve always been satisfied with the service & food . This is defintely our sushi go to .
- Above average food - Below average prices - Spacious and uncrowded - Free wifi - Cash only
The stroganoff is delicious , get it , eat it , love it and don ' t regret it . It is a little dark but other than that a fantastic place to eat .
Best boba teas and donuts ! ! ! ! ! Excellent customer service and they even have a drive thru and are open 24hrs
They are so good ! Most of my dogs are difficult to handle and they seem to do a great job ! Thanks Cindy
Tasty curry udon I have . Got free drink and pollock from this nice Asian lady . Good atmosphere with music . Highly recommend this place for excellent service and food .
Love this place . I go early on Saturday since they tend to run out quickly . Crumb cake , bread , bagels are our families favorite ! ! Great service , great food . Finally
Started off with two pork belly taco ' s . Then I told them to make me a pork belly burrito . No bs but these are the best tacos I have ever eaten .
This is one of my must - stop places every year when I ' m in Vegas . I always find something I just have to have , much to my husband ' s dismay .
Amazing sushi and friendly staff . I ' m from Vancouver and usually laugh at the idea of sushi outside of the pacific rim , well today I put my foot in my mouth after tasting this .
Awesome place . The owners a saint , super laid back . There is only one barber so expect a wait . Super cheap prices for awesome attention to detail and good conversation . Would recommend .
Love this place ! ! ! ! Everyone is so sweet and they did an amazing job on the kids haircuts !
This place is terrific . The sandwiches are delicious . Great bread , huge sizes , super messy . And they have Dogfishhead 60 minute IPA on tap .
Their BBQ chicken pizza is the bomb ! I ' ve also had their white pizza , not bad . Love how their food isn ' t greasy . Great costumer service .
Great food and excellent customer service ! Chef Jake truly cares about his customers and ensuring they have a great dining experience ! Highly recommend !
Dr . Alicia Ruiz is the best ! She ' s been more than excellent with my bunny !
Wow love the new burger and the employees are much better than before . Helpful and friendly , even my fries were hot . Now the new kiosk . . . . . .
Phenomenal ! Atmosphere is incredibly elegant , food and service out of this world ! Drinks are also amazing ! If you want an elegant steak dinner , this is the spot !
Insomnia cookies was delicious . Place was clean . Staff was friendly and helpful . Cookies were melty and warm and amazing . I definitely recommend the ice cream sandwich
Best scones and urban scramble breakfast ! ! Love this place ! I eat breakfast here everyday !
Loved their calamari . Service is very good , definitely recommend it esp for large groups . One of the best on the strip ! !
I definitely was schooled on kitchenware here . I will be a repeat customer because of Leo ' s knowledge and honesty . Check it out !
I always love coming and reading here . I get the number 2 super seafood combo . Fish and Shrimp are always great .
Beans , rice and cheese burrito with a 24oz drink for $ 2 . 99 plus tax
The Grilled Market Salad was amazing and the service was too ! Nice to see happy people who love their job ' s ! I ' ll definitely be back !
Great vintage look to this restaurant . Very tasty burgers that were well cooked and seasoned . The peach milkshake was excellent !
Came here on my friends recommendation and I am glad I did . Very fresh and tasty . I ordered the Philly Steak and it delivered !
I finally stopped in to try this place . All I can say is WOW ! Quick service . Great price ! Can ' t wait to go back .
Great breakfast . Awesome staff . Will be back for sure . Unexpectedly awesome food . And gluten free . Yes .
Nice branch . Been a WF for many years . All staff is friendly and attentive . Always offered coffee or water . Never have any issue with my checking or savings accts . Overall a great experience .
I go here a lot when I am in town . This time I got the beautiful summer salad with mango dressing which I posted in the pictures .
Great breakfast spot . I got hooked on the Asiago breakfast bagel . Much like Einstein except more mom and pop shop feel .
Authentic And Awesome Cajun Food ! Loved the gumbo and the banana pudding is hands down the best I have ever had period - super smooth and creamy with that touch of crunch : )
Lisa is my favorite person in Vegas . Go see her . . . great stop for a cold drink . . . . in the MGM
This place - the sole reason I will be returning to visit Scottsdale . Highlights everything beautiful about Arizona . Gateway is a bit challenging for biking - very rocky , but loved running it .
My favorite place for pho . I ' m addicted ! ! I usually get their chicken or steak pho . I don ' t like going anywhere else for it .
The time to get the food was slower than a previous experience but the food was FANTASTIC ! !
Hard to find seating but the place was so adorable and kid friendly . Lots of fun options , electric decor and friendly service
I just love GNC products ! I take the women ' s GNC vitamins , probiotic & fish oil . . Best combo !
Amazing and friendly staff ! Delicious espresso made to perfection and beautiful , relaxing environment made this a new favorite spot !
Great music by Chuck E Baby . Good happy hour food . Nice place to relax .
just a really great atmosphere with unique drinks . come here all the time for mangberry blacktea . really good for teens / 20 somethings
The dim sum on the weekend is great and reasonably priced . Go early because they get busy . My favorites are the shumai , the shrimp dumplings , and the chicken wings .
Cheapest gas in the area , they dropped the price . My weekly fill up is usually 22 bucks , today it was 20 bucks .
Quick easy place to get a trim , cut and what not . Friendly staff and took the coupon from moneysavers ! $ 7 for a cut , can ' t beat that
My daughter has been here for a year and loves it . The staff is attentive and my daughter has learned so much since she started here .
This was a great meal ! Great service and the pan pizza was superb . We enjoyed the view from the second floor of the capital . A definite treat for our group .
Great little place in a strip mall . Loved the burritos .
Food was great , service great . Sushi is very fresh . My parents enjoyed it a lot . Good vegetarian options too
Went on a Sunday , unlimited top shelf liquor . And it was really top shelf . Men are super handsome . And great service . Will definitely return again .
Excellent , and professional customer service . Very personable and right down the street from me . Recommend this place to anyone who ' s trying to get solid and excellent care . Joe ' s the man !
Great burger ! I asked for ketchup and mayo for the base . The people working there did a great job . The grill is nice and clean and it hit the spot . Thank you !
This place is great and the food is always awesome ! The bar staff are very friendly and very welcoming . I highly recommend this place !
Fresh ingredients make the flavors pop . A wonderful place . Staff was attentive which complimented the food nicely .
Love this place ! Around the corner from work . Quick , delicious and affordable . Great service as always .
A hidden treasure on Spadina . Definitely one of my favourite cafe to go on a cozy weekend !
Great food and excellent service . One of the best philly steak & cheese I ' ve had in a long time . Wife ' s veggie burger was excellent .
Thank you Dani great help at Sea salt all you can eat sushi and oysters . New spot in Las vegas .
Love staying here when I ' m here for business , great food , nice big rooms with full kitchen and in walking distance to great food and entertainment ! !
There are no better dentists offices in the valley ! Professional , caring , state of the art technology , and best staff .
Small and interesting place . A lot of very interesting video material let us know more stories . Funny .
Cheap and awesome on a hot day . Small is $ 2 and they have to go cups . Many more flavors than listed on the online menu .
Good beer , good customer service and nice hidden location away from all the clubs ! Definitely will be back !
I am definitely coming back . Awesome food , great tv setup , and cold delicious beer ! ! Stop in and see your favorite team kick butt .
Excellent pub with great kitchen . Cool atmosphere , historical bar . Great great great
It ' s like Rideau in Ottawa . You have to pay for parking if you are downtown .
My son has been taking classes for 6 months . The teachers are amazing and the classes are a great balance of strength , agility and fighting . They really know how to deal with children .
GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE ! ChipKey Vehicle Keys made at a fraction of the cost . They have pretty much everything ! Wow ! Just when I thought customer service with a smile was dead . . .
Great atmosphere and food . Had a Serrano chicken salad that was superb . The skinny margarita was marginal . The rest of our dinner party raved about their tacos and burritos . Definitely will be back .
Awesome new place ! ! Our new favorite happy hour spot ! $ 5 . Dollar margaritas . Win / Win ! ! Enrique the bartender was super helpful and pleasant ! Super cute inside too ! !
Great menu that has a variety of different items . Nothing better than having a few drinks and sharing a pig ' s head with good friends or relatives ! The smaller plates were also fantastic and interesting .
Alex and his crew provides exceptional services ! I couldn ' t ask for anything more . Thanks guys : )
Been here half a dozen times with and without my girlfriend and every time it has been excellent . Well priced , fresh ingredients , fast service and large portions . Can ' t go wrong !
I had the grilled chicken tabbouleh salad and it was very delicious ! The relaxed lunch atmosphere is great .
This place is awesome . I highly recommend the carne Asada tacos and the El Espanol appetizer . The green Mary was a great creative version of the Bloody Mary . Good good food and great service .
After a terrible first time , I have come back for an oil change and I am thoroughly impressed . Will be back .
Love this place . Great food and service . Maggie the bartender is AMAZING ! I will definitely be back .
Awesome aroma pedicure from Ben , excellent personal service , enjoyed the massage chair , very fair prices .
Awesome place for jogging they have 2 tennis courts and a basketball court . A lot pet owners . Decent playground for kids .
Great Pakistani food at very good prices . I tried halwa puri and nihari here . Both were awesome
Fast , polite , Nathaniel working behind the counter does his job right . I just want a sandwich and be in n out . . . he helped me accomplish that . Will be returning
I got a man pedicure . That calf massage was great . Friendly and happy staff . Awesome .
Ms . Cynthia is the absolute best server ever . She ' s very attentive . She knew what we needed without us asking for it . I will return .
My friends and I go here pretty much every week . The customer service and food is great ! I highly recommend PT noodle !
Love this place . Found my new favorite spot . Must try the berry good . Great breakfast on the go .
This place is awesome ! The Rock was our server ( Rorik ) and he was phenomenal ! Very attentive and super great . Definitely recommend him !
This place was great . Felt comfortable . Easy and efficient and they really care about you . Best urgent care I have been too . Don ' t need to go anywhere else in the future .
Melissa and her team are very knowledgeable and professional . She is one of the top Insurance Agents in Wisconsin and her office shows it . I recommend her experience in handling all your insurance needs .
Best pizza I ' ve ever had ! Strongly suggest hitting up the High Roller & than grabbing a slice at Flour & Barley !
Great game cafe in North York . Good selection of games . Great staff . Very friendly . Very helpful .
Incredible , authentic Turkish food . One of the better meals i ' ve had in recent memory . Well worth a visit .
the staff was very courteous and kind to my fur babies . They took good care of both of them .
This place is amazing the food & drinks are really good , the entertainment is awesome fun place dj , band & karaoke very nice environment
Great place to get real Burek and Balkan supplies . Feels like home .
Wonderful meal , very creative menu . Everything exceed expectations . Thank Chef Bernard !
Great Italian food . 4 of ate here on a Saturday evening . Make sure you have Reservations as this is a popular spot . Ingredients fresh and food is wonderful . We ' ll be returning soon .
We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner . The food was delicious and the service was exceptional . The white chocolate baklava cheese cake was absolutely delicious . Can ' t wait to go back ! !
I ' ve had a great experience , Jacqueline contacted me ASAP on my order then followed up with me . . She was nice and polite and was able to answer my questions and concerns !
Baked bear is amazing . Made to order ice cream sandwiches . Fresh cookies choose one kind or two different kinds with ice cream in the middle . I prefer the house ice cream . Get it warme
Wonderful , friendly staff , amazing mules . Nice , cozy bar that was an excellent place to stop and unwind .
Awesome experience , my dress fits perfect . They were professional , quick , and It was cost efficient ! Highly recommend !
Just got my Ring doorbell installed by Hellotech . Excellent & quick service . Will use them again ! ! !
Always a fantastic experience here at Black Bear , I love have breakfast anytime of the day . Our waitress Cindi was amazing and friendly . Thank you
Wonderful French food ! Depth of flavor extraordinary in every dish . Pricey but well worth it . Hope to get to go back sometime !
Best pizza I have had in a long time . Decor is fantastic All food made fresh with great products . You get what you pay for . I look forward to my next visit .
I ate lunch at Sage today and great food , quickly served and affordable . highly recommend
I am beside myself that this gem cane to our area ! ! ! Great service and delicious clean food ! ! ! I don ' t have to write alot , this spot speaks for itself .
Great food , great service . 5 star because they know how to make great Mexican food . If you want great atmosphere , this is not your place . Comfortable casual din
I went here over the weekend and it was fantastic ! ! ! The food was amazing and I can ' t wait to go back ! ! ! !
Very organized , nice display of materials , and Noelle was super helpful ! They ' ve got a nice selection and the landscape display area has all kinds of rock , block and paver ideas .
Friendly staff , clean store and mouth watering dogs and brats . If you ' re in the mood for good eats and good vibes this place will give you both !
I have not been at Johnny ' s Fulton location in several years . Yet , it is same excellent service and Exceptional food .
My favorite BK location . Staff always goes above and beyond to take care of customers . Food always fresh . Restaurant spotlessly clean .
Great ! Came out the same day to clean a stain and did a great job . Charles worked very hard and did a thorough job . Would have him back again .
Great food , wonderful experience . Meatballs are my favorite . You ' ll spend the night pointing out the stars on the wall full of pictures with celebs
The only place I go to get my nails done ! They always do a fabulous job ! ! And they are always so nice !
What a fun place ! Atmosphere comfortable yet trendy ! Waitstaff helpful and friendly ! The food was fresh and different and very delicious . Al Pastor taco was divine ! Mexican with an ancient twist !
We found this shop on a recent trip to Vegas and it was wonderful ! The staff were friendly and spoke great english . My husband and I got great pedicures with wonderful foot massages .
Great Food . . . . Always , made to order and the gyro sauce . . . . I could eat everyday with almost anything . . . . Great customer service . . . .
Great customer service , quick and efficient drive through , good sushi options for the person on the go or in need of a quick hibachi fix !
thank you i order 15 minutes ago and the food is on my table all the sauce food is hot wow I love back Chinese delivery in Las Vegas thank you Happy WoK # 7023682888
This place is really great ! The noodles are unbeatable . First time here and I am very blown away . Very glad my coworkers found out about this place . We got seated and served very fast !
Great concept for a restaurant with amazing fusion food . The owner is also a super enthusiastic guy , very passionate about his food .
This is a nice place to eat off of the strip for some very good chicken and short ribs , very friendly staff . I will definitely be back again soon .
Been here twice in 2 years . The rooms are very modern and clean . The beds are very comfortable . Location is great , too !
The pork banh me sand which is amazing ! Pork is tender and perfectly seasoned ! Can ' t go wrong with it . Can get very busy at lunch so go early
Ordered Hawaiian chicken hubby ordered lemon pepper . Both were delicious and staff and manager were very kind and professional thumbs up !
Everyone I encountered here was very friendly and helpful . The food is great , as is the price . I can get whatever toppings I want without feeling ripped off . I ' ll definitely be back .
Elaine is the best hairdresser here she is attentive to what kind of haircut you and very talkative .
Fantastic at alterations ! Quick , quality service and she had my men ' s pants done in no time . Will be using Sukie for all future alteration needs !
I really enjoy my new cut Renee cooper was great and the staff as well . Thank you all the staff wAs great . I got color and new cut
Wonderful Cuban atmosphere with high quality dogs . The fries are super crispy and i highly recommend making it a combo .
After searching for a local bakery in the area I came upon Hurst Bakery . The custom cake I ordered was ready on time , delicious and beautifully decorated . I would definitely recommend this place .
Came here with my nephew for lunch . We loved all of the food . The portions are HUGE ! Amazing empanadas ( chicken or beef ) . Great service . Fresh food .
Had a french dip that was excellent and kids enjoyed their meals . Service was outstanding this time as it was prompt . Great people at this place and great food .
Awesome job washing the truck . I ' ve been to a few detail shops and stopped to get gas ran into a sharp young man I think his name is Tyler . Did a great job
Love going in here ! I get my feeder mice and my dubias at this spot ! Love it when Ariel is working . Look for her !
Got the coconut shrimp and chili garlic veggies , both excellent and the service was lightning quick ! ! I would come back if i ' m in the area again .
Yummy goodness , chai almond dream . What can I say . . . dreamie . The peach fizz is yes you guessed it peachy . . .
Love their yogurt . Employees are usually nice . I don ' t go there too often , but every time I have gone there I ' ve enjoyed it . Highly recommended .
Best hot dog i ' ve ever had ! This place was absolutely great . Such an interesting combination of flavors , but it definitely works .
Jaime took care of me and my crew once again ! Thank you for getting us in . We had a blast !
Congratulations , Brew Tea Bar on all of your successes ! Always busy , amazing customer service , and quality product . . . Cheers to continued successes in 2017 !
Overall great food , service , and presntation ! Very clean fresh and beautiful . Our first time and we all absolutely loved it !
This place is awsome . Food is hands down best in vegas . The whiskey drinks they have are to die for . And the staff is perfect couldnt ask for better
Excellent selection of tea and the prices are reasonable . I have been buying Tea from this location over 20 years ! !
Deserves 10 stars ! Brought three designer handbags in for replacement straps , repair , and cleaning . Really outstanding job . Highly recommend and will definitely return !
A fantastic place with a great atmosphere , prompt friendly service , and delicious food ! It can be super busy for lunch and dinner so plan ahead .
Awesome Gym . ! Clean and nice . Jason is a Awesome manager ! And David the manager from seven hills should learn from Jason . He is friendly and helpful and not stuck up . Awesome Gym !
Great place to leave your kiddos . Safe and secure . My 3 and 5 year old had a blast for a few hours while we gambled . Very affordable !
I ' ve been coming here for years . The food is very consistently good and the staff is amazing . Try it !
Damn it ! Damn it ! Damn it ! Why is this place so far away from home ? I am Vietnamese and must say that this is probably the best Vietnamese place in town .
Awesome and freakishly fast . Crew ran by Nick did a fantastic job . Asked about family and how was the last service job they had done . See you in 5k miles or so .
Been here a few times to study . I have been happy with my Americanos and the staff has been very friendly .
Get the Kaibur breakfast , everything was perfectly done . I ' m getting a house made Seitan Rueben to go . Can ' t wait to nosh !
Went to there grand opening and we had a great time great food and service . We will definitely go back again .
I highly recommend Robert . Extremely competent , Very knowledgeable , very honest . Better than all the repair people I have met in 3 ( three ) States . Very happy experience .
This is my favorite restaurant by far in Boulder City . Great staff , friendly and best food in this great little town !
Food was great . . . service was excellent ! Will be eating there regularly .
Thank you to the staff and servers for another outstanding night at CES for Lenovo the crowd is hugh and yet you make it a point to services everyone . Food was outstanding .
Grate service and the food was amazing that is all I have to say I will recommend eating there .
Best Wings in Town . . . . hands down ! ( Other food is good too , but wings are the favorite of many . ) Great Staff
Chris the owner was very personal and accommodating . Needed same day delivery of some documents . communication was easy and professional . Driver picked up and delivered to my designated locations in the stated times . Awesome .
Amazing food , nice ambience , and reasonable price . Tip - apparently if you order two eggs on the poached egg platter they double your order for $ 4 more than the single egg ( see photo )
This is the first time I ' ve been here and I love there food . I ' m not vegan but it ' s really good .
Excellent gourmet fast food stop for those in Markham . Baos are flavourful and in good portions . The bulgogi fries are cripsy and the sauce complements the dish well . Will definitely come back again for more !
This place is so much fun ! Always packed on a Wednesday night and they play country and all the latest dance crazes !
One of the best Chinese restaurants I ' ve eaten at since moving here from Montana .
They have the best chocolate ever and they give out really good serving sizes for the price
They did a reliable job removing snow from my driveway and their customer service is very responsive . I would recommend them highly .
What a great addition the the Arcadia ' hood ! Rode our bikes up for some Zoyo , and it was great . A perfect getaway for the kids after school or on a weekend .
Zolton ' s Spa is an excellent North Scottsdale full - service salon and day spa .
Vraiment aimer frais et pas cher et halal ! Tres surprise et heureuse ! Dans le centre commercial place versaille . Léger et goûteux
We ordered a pepperoni and sausage pizza and garlic knots . Everything was fantastic ! This will be our new goto for delivery pizza . Can ' t wait to try other items .
Benjamin colored and cut my hair . Absolutely fantastic ! I ' m from out of town but will be back to see him again soon . Give him a try . You ' ll be very happy .
Great place to stay . Stayed here 2 times while on my trip . Can never get enuff of this hotel . So beautiful .
Always a great experience when I come here . Quick efficient service always with a smile : ) keep it up , you guys rock
This place is great . Got the best help from the staff and helped however they could to the fullest . Highly recommended .
I really enjoy the girls company here . The put in quality work when getting wheat grass shots ready : )
I love all the options here . My wife and I tried the Happy hour . We were impressed ! The staff was very helpful ! . We will be back A + Service here .
Lots of fun and great energy ! The food is terrific and the atmosphere is a blast . Great for large groups .
very knowledgeable , helpful staff ! Tim was great and got my car in and out in a timely manner . I will definitely return .
I had the chicken enchiladas and they were fabulous ! Service was fast and all of the staff was very friendly . I ' ll definitely be going back !
Asked the chef what ' s good He fed me like a champ , the clam chowder was better then the ones I had in Boston
If you love Vietnamese food . This is the place to go to . Excellent customer service . Very clean !
I ' ve been coming to this place very often and the food is always delicious and served quickly . I love their tacos and chile relleno .
I hate that this place is always packed but it ' s worth it . This is usually my cheat day choice .
The food is fantastic , the price is reasonable and the staff is friendly . I would definitely recommend this place if you need a Mexican food fix .
This is my favorite breakfast restaurant in the area . Food is great and plenty of it . The staff is friendly and polite . A pleasure to go there and eat .
Great Italian . Professional staff with good service . The eggplant was exceptional . Great pours . Easy access to motels for travelers . Worth the choice .
Very good food , friendly staff , delicious coffee . For trucks , there ' s plenty of parking right across the street from this place .
Kirk and JP are really good teachers for first timers like me and also having good and welcoming vibes in the studio
Now Vegas has 2 reasons why I dont need to go to new York anymore . Perfection in a 900 degree coal oven
Good food for the price . I especially like the fried green beans although there is nothing healthy about them . LOL . Good option far better than the fast food drive through .
Took a foreign friend who is obsessed with all things metal here and he loved it ( as did I ) . It ' s peaceful and worth a visit to add to your collection of memorable photos .
Cheap price for GOOD food ! Ordered the fried chicken , my mom got eggs and delicious pancake ! Good and friendly service - came on a empty Monday night : )
Still delicious . Another great meal here . We are our way down the menu again without any disappointment . Thanks Dan ! ! ! Can ' t wait to come back !
Had an amazing experience at Stone Oaks . The staff is unbelievably sweet and always on top of everything . Bernadette was a wonderful help . Highly suggest for anyone looking for a great apartment .
Fresh and tasty food . A great way to indulge some quick vegetarian and other Indian options .
This place is a hidden gem in the Venetian passage shops . Great food and drinks . The salads are substantial and the pasta dishes are flavored with complex seasonings .
Excellent food ! The guac was amazing . Great atmosphere as well . Highly recommend you check this place out !
This place is very good ! I am from Colombia and this is a little taste of home . I really like spending a Sunday afternoon for a nice sit down meal .
Good food dog friendly padio friendly staff good place to eat . Recommend to go early to beat the rush .
Super addictive Belgian waffles and I ' d go all the way from DC just for their Speculoos ice cream ! Great choice of toppings at reasonable prices . This place is just LOVE !
My husband & I found the best place for sandwiches which are perfect if you ' re looking for light meal . This is the place to hang out . Love it !
Wonderful atmosphere . Great happy hour food & drink specials ! Amazing music every Thursday . We come here every chance we get while in Vegas !
Nice , clean , friendly office . I love the team , everybody is so nice . As much as I dislike going to the dentist , I don ' t mind going here ! : )
I love this place . See Tony . He ' s so good and you are guaranteed the best foot massages every time !
Fantastic experience . Jason is a perfectionist and fixed a line of scratches on our Viking Fridge . Highly recommend and is a very nice man . Our dogs loved him too !
Best I have had in a long while . Service was great . Sad that tea is not loose leaf but Mongolian beef was yummy !
Love this place ! Owners are awesome people . Love the cozy seating & cookies & teas are delicious ! !
Fast and friendly service . Food was great . Nice size portions for the price . Very Clean restaurant . Love the menu selection specially their " try 2 " meal .
Fabulous unique flavors great quality and plenty of options . I will defiantly be back ! Thank you for the great experience .
Alma the manager here is the best . She is always smiling and very helpful . . . . . . . , , . . .
At a party catered by East West pizza . Food is great . Wings are amazing . And Audray ' s husband 49th birthday is turnt . Having a blast .
This place rocks . They know their stuff , and can help anyone find something they like . John is a rockstar , and we totally love him !
AWESOME meal and great service ! ! We ordered pork + beef barbecue and it was a good value .
We ordered the barbecue pizza tonight . It tasted fantastic ! ! The young men working there are always friendly and professional . It ' s also a very well kept business . We will be returning ! !
Dinned here about half a dozen times and ordered out twice as many . Never disappointed , great lunch specials and amazing pizza and wings . Can ' t say enough good things about this neighborhood pizza joint !
Epic cut , excellent service , outstanding rock & roll vibe , and price is a steal ! Highly recommended !
The service was great along with the food . The breakfast burrito was huge . Will be back for the paella !
This is so far my favorite dessert and cafe shop in Charlotte . The desserts are not too sweet - - sweetness is perfect . The coffee are also strong and tasteful .
Lived in Vegas 2 years now and this place is up the road from me . Second time here in a month and it is so good ! !
Sushi and fried rice is absolutely mouth watering if I could eat here every day I would . . . always looking forward to our next visit because we always leave full and satisfied
Can ' t wait to try the rest of the menu ! Crispy deviled eggs , tempura green beans and the Smashed Pig Burger were all amazing . Great atmosphere and the service was perfect !
Perfection ! Best steakhouse in Vegas ! From the food to the ambience and the service . It is top notch !
Best funnel cake ever . I drive 30 minutes to get their funnel cake . Their ice cream and strawberry sauce is perfect too .
Just celebrated our 20th anniversary at Lupo ' s . The food and service was excellent . KELLAN was the best . I would definitely recommend . Had the salmon and rissoto gnocchi .
This brew tea place is still my fav but I ' m a bit disappointed with my order last time , I had chrysanthemum tea but taste like water no tea favor .
Very good dental office . Dr Nguyen is excellent . They are open on Saturday ' s which is very unusual and very good . Excellent staff also and nice office
Vesna is truly amazing . I have been going to her for 6 years and there was never a moment of disappointment . I enjoy listening to her talk : )
great thai food and excellent customer service I highly recommend said bai on the fly to everyone
Eric was great , he got the job done quickly , and I know I was treated fairly . He is an obvious choice when in a crunch and you need a professional !
New Favorite Spot ! Pho Was AMAZING ! Food is made upon ordering which is a bonus . Definitely recommend to everyone .
I loved this restaurant . . . Best Kale salad ever ! Great atmosphere , wonderful staff . When I am in Scottsdale again , I will be stopping in . Great food ! ! ! !
Just great American - Chinese food ! ! I can always count on the orange chicken & honey walnut shrimp ! ! THE BEST ! ! !
Gettin my car serviced . Love this place ! !
This place was great , bigger and mlre eventful than the one in cincinnati . Upon returning home , I had returning coupoms for free play amd points
Incredibly authentic Ethiopian restaurant , an exciting adventure from eastern Africa . Delicious food .
A sweet hub of delicious treats . I love my non dairy swirl ! The people who work here are sweet too ! !
Best Pizza that I have been able to find since moving to NC 8 years ago from MD . Truly NY style Pizza . I cant wait to taste their other offerings .
This is a really good pizza place . Many options , fast serice , large dining space , fresh , and tasty . Highly reccomend .
We have had Tom wrap 12 cars for our company and all have been flawless . Definitely sending more work there way . Very professional and a pleasure to deal with .
Dropped by for lunch and tried the pumpkin soup and Mesa Burger , blown away ! Definitely will be going back . Really good service too .
Good food and excellent customer service . Our waitress , Tina , was very personable . It was obvious she liked her job . We ' ll be back .
Finally , a farm to table restaurant in the South Hills ! Absolutely awesome , good for you food . The Kale Tonic is fabulous !
What can I say about this place ! Its amazingggg love love everything the appetizers are super good and the butter cake is heaven the service is excellent ThankYou this restaurant is my husbands and I favorite : )
mike did a great job on custom work on my rear defuser and the air brushing came out fantastic very life like . I will definitely use again .
Wonderful pastries . I especially love their pretzel rolls , just don ' t make the mistake of asking if they sell nacho cheese . . . this is a German bakery , you can have mustard .
Dr . Daniels and Dr Mike are the best ! Highly recommend this Craig Road Animal Hospital to all my neighbors and friends . They make you feel like family .
Was visiting Phoenix from California and saw Over Easy on the good network . So we had to try it . It was so good that we went back the next day . We will be returning ! !
One of the best meals I ' ve eaten in my entire 41 years of life ! So worth the walk or drive ! ! ! I will never come to Vegas without coming here again !
This place is Amazing ! I think the best Koren BBQ I ' ve been to , even though it ' s been a while . And the environment is great !
SO good ! Food was delicious , service was amazing , ambiance modern and chic . Would highly recommend if you want a special dinner !
Amazing all around ! Food was extraordinary and the staff was friendly . Had an issue with our leftovers getting lost , so they made us a whole new meal to take home and were extremely apologetic .
Good Pho and very nice spring roll here . I really love soup here so good and they ' re serve very big place also food come so fast .
Delicious lunch specials . The red curry is awesome and the staff is very friendly . The medium spiciness level was perfect for me as I have had some curry that was either too bland or too hot .
This place is awesome ! Great waffles , other goodies and super cool culture / customer service .
Excellent restaurant w / authentic tic Italian food . Not in the best neighborhood but it adds character . Highly recommend this small restaurant
love this place . Relaxed and classy . Best Guiness around . They also have the best burger I have ever eaten . Little spendy at over $ 10 but . . . Wow !
Solid food . Great prices . Friendly service . Customize to your heart ' s content . What else do you really need ? Its inside the Fashion Show Mall so grab a bowl while you walk around !
Five Star all the way ! Everything was fantastic . Ask for the Foohl served warm - delicious . Lamb is not gamey at all . Pita was amazing . Knafi is a must .
I love this place . Awesome food and cool atmosphere . Beer is good and cold .
Fast , friendly staff . Gyros are huge and the baklava is heavenly . My favorite menu item is the chicken souvlaki ; it ' s tender and flavorful .
Nice ambiance in this cafe in Old Montreal . Sandwiches & paninis are well made & flavorful ! Prepare to wait in line , it is always packed .
Got my card here first year and was very iffy about the whole thing . Called EVERY SINGLE PLACE IN THE VALLEY and ended up here 200 $ out the door
This is a great place to eat when you are at the strip . The staff is courteous and friendly .
We went New Years Eve and we had the regular menu , regular prices and the same wonderful food . We Highly recommend this restaurant .
This place is the BITCH . That being said , it ' s expensive and you get what you pay for . The marlin main and the smokestack starter are the tits
Amazing food ! The pork in the pork belly tacos were the best I ' ve had . Very hip spot right in downtown Pittsburgh .
New . Clean . Perky . Come save money and enjoy the newest " euro - loft " style approach here .
Love this place . Wish they had more locations , maybe in central Phoenix or Scottsdale . Chandler is out of the way for me unless I ' m going to Ikea .
Great place for the kiddos . Fast check in , very reasonable and a great way to spend a couple hours indoors while its smoking hot outside
Great service . Superior quality and was on time and left when they said they would . Hopefully I don ' t need them . But when I need someone . . . . . it ll be them
Great pizza , fresh ingredients , charming wait staff , comfortable multicultural family vibe . Super wine list , hip decor . Just go .
Not necessarily the quickest doctors office but super comfy chairs and friendly staff .
i love this place . If you ' re willing to sweat and hunt there are deals to be found . don ' t expect customer service ; you get what you pay for . . .
Get the Cold Brew Get the Cold Brew it ' s the best . Best little indie Coffee shop since Jamaican Blue . They have live music too on certain days
Do yourself a favor and eat here ! Best food I ' ve had in a long time ! ! Their pre - fixed menu for two is awesome too !
Comfortable , easy , always enjoyable . ZAYA is the sipping rum of choice . The Coconut Shrimp , Chicken Tortilla soup and the Salmon BLT are an absolute must ! ! !
Excellent , and fresh sushi . By far , the best in the Cleveland area .
One of my favorite places in Vegas . Great seafood . Make sure to get the Seafood tower
Good burrito . Will go back . Just happend to find this place by luck . Small quaint little place . Burrito tasted great and was well stuffed with ingredients .
Pizza was amazing ! The cheesy bread was also very good . Had a side of wings and they were also really good . We will be coming back for sure .
Hobak was ' off the chain ' ! The food was great , the service was better . . . I guarantee you ' ll love this place !
Found a new discovery i loved it greats service and food is delicious staff pay attention in your order . i totally recommend it . I love it !
Great vegetarian options at affordable prices . The waiter was very accommodating and we did not feel rushed as this turned into a 3 hour brunch with bottomless drinks .
Very very tasty , favorite vegetarian place ! ! ! Definitely recommending to all vege lovers : )
I have visited this new carwash facility and it is a gorgeous building and high tech equipments . I have an older car but the car wash made it look really shiny ! Very friendly staff !
I love this place . Great food , great coffee , great views , great prices . And I love that it ' s local . You ' ve gotta check it out .
Amazing pizza the Betty Rizo was unlike anything I have ever had , the Hot Diggity wings are the bomb !
What an incredible experience . Chef Paganelli has a nice concept here with community tables and restaurant and meat and cheese market going on .
Since I ' ve only been to 2 or 3 yoga classes ever , I would not call myself a yoga enthusiast . But this place was great and I will certainly be back .
went for our anniversary . Great service , awesome wine , big bill ! I loved their mashed potatoes
Dairy - free people of the world : they have added a few soy gelato flavours including a superb chocolate and a heavenly hazelnut . GO GET IT !
Best guac & margaritas in town . Especially the spicy mango margarita . The short rib tamales are unbelievable .
Great place indeed ! Planning to get more from my tattooist kure ! It ' s actually a welcoming place not like other places where it feels more intimidating than welcoming .
We went during happy hour and the service at the bar was great . The food came out quick . The pizza dough had the perfect chewy texture .
They are all SO friendly and accommodating ! ! I was in a car accident in January and they have really helped !
This is my first time in Vegas . I will definitely come here everytime i visit the food is delicious and the staff is so attentive .
One of my favorite takeout spots in Charlotte . The chicken is always moist , the sauces are good , and the rice with vegetables is light and refreshing .
Visiting Las Vegas this month , and one of my friend suggested me to go to here , taste good and also a funny exp !
Awesome food and amazing drink menu ! Entertainment was fun at they are all very talented !
One of my favs spot to chill whenever I ' m in Vegas . It ' s away from the main but yet close enough . The price is fair on the cheap side with decent services .
Try the steamed dumplings and the chicken fried rice . Everything was delicious but those two dishes were particularly tasty .
This place has quickly become my favorite Taco Shop in the East Valley truly authentic amazing Carnitas and Al Pastore highly recommended their individual tacos . With the perfect Mexican beer .
My family ' s go to sushi place . Cherry blossom is a guarantee must have . Everyone is always super nice and this place never disappoints .
Finished a hike on south mountain and wanted tacos , yelp to the rescue , this place was great ! ! Yummy tortillas and delicious fillings ! Bring cash . . . .
Loved this little gem of a park , if you have an animal lover of a child with a great imagination this is the place !
I always enjoy a meal here while in Las Vegas . Great food , great cocktails in a great environment .
Amazing smoked salmon . Cool Cleveland place to watch the game . Also a great place for breakfast on the weekend .
Best bagels . We are from NJ , and lamented bagels since moving here to Scottsdale . No more . This is great . Friendly staff . Good quiet location . Perfect .
Bing everything . . especially shoes ! Love it ! The most incredible shoes I have ever seen . . totally smokes Stewart wiezman . . . but the prices are equally impressive !
Excellent service , excellent food ! Every single thing we ordered was outstanding . The live jazz in the lounge made the night even better !
First time at Egg Works while visiting with friends . EXCELLENT service and EXCELLENT experience thanks to our server Will be back ! TAMARA ! ! ! ! !
Food was absolutely amazing , staff was very friendly . Wings were better then most pizza joints . Stuffed peppers are a must try ! Fajitas are the best in town .
Amazing place ! The vegan kale salad and hummus were amazing - - - always a favorite place to come and always leave satisfied and healthy !
Food and service was great . Beer was ice cold . We will be back . We ordered the meal for two and split it between three of us and left full .
Here for Happy Hour and their fish tacos are perfect . The Oxtail fried rice was the best dish with their big chunks of oxtail . $ 1 oysters . Great rexaled vibe here
My favorite Indian restaurant . Great food and awesome service . It ' s a small place and tends to be really quiet . It ' s definitely a hidden gem ! !
Love this theatre ! Quiet , comfy seating , student discounts , $ 5 . 50 Tuesdays and great artwork . Wish I had discovered it sooner !
Great food and service both times we went there . Spicy brisket burger was delicious . Definitely would go back .
I got turned on to Tropical Smoothie when I got a coupon for a free one . They are delicious and refreshing . I ' ve been there a few times and will be back again .
Delicious Bagels ! Best breakfast bagels w / mini muffin ! My sister - in - law and family from Tucson just fell in love with these bagels too !
Great Pho & the Spring Rolls are bombness . The Shrimp potato tempera wraps are very good also . It does get busy but what do u expect with a place as good as this .
This place is awesome . Employee and owners are cool . Try layered bobba on your slush drink . Keep it up guys .
Food are great ! Cool place to hang out in Mr . G ' s pub and grub ! ! ! People are friendly and funny . Good environment
Hands down one of our favorite spots . Get the short ribs . You will not be disappointed . If you are feeling adventurous , try the chocolate covered - bacon , peanut butter s ' mores .
Amazing food great people so friendly . Thank you for a wonderful meal , we will be back
Exceptional service . Repaired my iPhone 5s screen in 35 minutes . Service repair tech even noticed missing screws from a previous repair job done at a shop in LA . Highly recommend , great service !
Our first time here and now my family and I are huge fans of these restaurants so far we been to 3 locations and same great food and the service is outstanding and no complains .
Amazing service and great food ! Definitely check out the chicken Alfredo and fresh salad ! It ' s my favorite place .
Delicious ice cream and an amazing interior . Always my favorite place to eat ice cream on a hot day .
Marquis and the team at Jacksons Car Wash were fast , friendly and efficient . Not something I ' m used to from a car wash . . .
Hands down one of the best Hakka restaurants in Scarborough ! The portions are big and the food tastes great .
Delicious breakfast items from egg , cheese and sausage taco to homemade pecan sticky buns , this is a great place to dine . Prices are right on , too . Cozy and inviting atmosphere and very friendly .
I was a driver for JM Schneiders and I went there everyday for years . They were great people and I still think about them and hope they are all doing well .
Best staff of any gym in town ! JC in particular is AWESOME !
I have tried multiple sandwiches here . The Jay mee sirewich is amazing with avacado . The staff is great . If your adventurous try the bear hug amazing .
Love the tiny salon with the upscale décor ! Abby does my nails and love her and her personality ! The owner is also top notch and super personable ! you can tell they love their clients !
So good every time ! Service is fast and friendly . I ' ve tried about 5 or 6 different entrees . Cashew chicken and sesame chicken are amazing .
Friendly and very obliging staff . Great selection of plants nicely arranged in a logical sequence so that it is easy to find the different types .
Beautiful gel nails with a chevron design and matching pedicure . Great service always feels so welcoming . Thank You everybody
Beautiful atmosphere and wonderful service . I bring my son here to see Matt . He ' s patient , kind and thorough . So happy to fund this gem and a great stylist
Best Persian food in Vegas Test like a home made food , it ' s so fresh and Good service
Dr . Armadariz is very professional and treated me with respect ! I had knee replacement surgery and would allow him to do surgery on me again !
The banana base shakes are good , I had the chocolate shake and I really enjoyed it . It had a friendly staff which added to the place .
Sushi is so good here ! And price is even better ! Costumer Service is great but sometimes slow . I believe the owner hours around giving the kids free ice cream which is so sweet is him .
Thank you everybody at Tempe dog for being so wonderful to my two amazing fur buddies mini and Falcor ! ! Nice Open play area with friendly staff
Been here about 4 times in the last year , trying different curries with various meats . Always over the top delicious . Clean and friendly . Go , and get your curry on !
My family and I love this place . Regulars for years !
Been going for years . The Crazy Noodles are my favorite but everything is good . Consistently clean restaurant , friendly service , and fresh food .
Great experience overall ! Will definitely be back ! LT WAS GREAT ! Perfect Atmosphere for a new mommy to relax !
The service is amazing along with their food . The chicken and waffles are the best and the Charleston shrimp and grits are fire ! ! !
Matt was very friendly , helpful , and accommodating when picking up a purchase . Thanks again Matt !
Great place ! Very friendly staff and delicious food . We got 2 lbs of crawfish with Urban sauce / medium hot and it was perfect . Highly recommend .
Dosas to die for . Been here three times . In restaurant , Buffet and take away . It ' s always delicious and great gluten free and vegetarian options
Great experience with Beverly . Fast , efficient and great price . Would definitely recommend Mattress Firm and Beverly for your next bed purchase .
Awesome restaurant got a super pro chef , pretty much even any non vegetarian should be able to find some good stuff here . The greatest
Had dinner there last night ! Had the truffle tasting menu . It was amazing . The truffle martini was to die for . Can not wait to go back ! Next time sunday brunch .
I was pleasantly surprised to find such a great dim sum restaurant in Madison . Service with a smile !
one of my favorite restaurants in the world ! flavors were so amazing and the assorted bread basket was delicious ! a MUST ! !
Had the curry chicken sandwich and a cup of clam chowder . Was very pleased ! If they were open on the weekends , it would be better . Worth the trip !
A lot of variety food sushi and service is very attentive ! I can grab all the crab stick I want !
Best " fresh " daifuku in town ! Will go back to try more flavours for sure ! Love this new spot !
The food was amazingly good . The meat was tasty and the tortillas were delicious ! I really enjoyed my dinner there and can ' t wait to stop by again : )
Second time eating there . Great food . Only thing that sucks is if it is windy out . . . Fun place , unique selections , great view .
Omg ! ! Ate one of the best hamburgers ever the other day here ! Their sweet potato fries were bomb ! ! !
Traditional Chinese noodle hard to find , spicy noodle with secret soup , you never forget it !
Heist brunch is awesome ! Great breakfast buffet filled with bacon ham and sausage . Grits were amazing and awesome add on entree . I ' d definitely recommend you trying it out !
First time I tried this place and was great . Quick , quality , and wholesome food in Oakland area . Try the chicken sharmola , will not be disappointed .
Magically delicious ! Lol ! Tiny spot , but chill , relaxing setting . Really good sushi , miso soup , and sizzling Kalbi . A little pricey , but the taste of food is worth it .
The Master : Super greasy goodness in every bite ! Great burgers in downtown Toronto !
Love this store ! I ' ve bought 2 pairs of shoes for myself and pairs for each of my sons . My girlfriend bought a great black dress , too . All very unusual and fun .
We loved the breakfast we had here . Wife enjoyed the French toast and my eggs and ham and American fries were excellent . Service was 5 star as well .
We went in to get a storage unit . Monique was there to help us . She was very professional and helpful . Excellent customer service . I would recommend this facility to all .
Really terrific Seafood Buffet on Friday . Really excellent variety of food and an enjoyable atmosphere overall .
Ask for lyndsay to serve you great service . Great food a must eat place . Good atmosphere
Great drive thru ( and sit down ) breakfast spot . Love their wraps
This place is really good . the staff was very helpfull . the food was great . what more can i ask for ? . . . maybe 2nds .
like that there ' s an obstacle course and lots of trampolines ! good times !
Amazing business ! I messed up the start and end times and they still did everything seamlessly . I will make sure to use them again to our next party !
Awesome environment . So much fun . So many different activities . Between bowling , mini golf , movies and the arcade . My kids love it . We will definitely be returning .
This place was clean , simple , and just what I was looking for to ail my rolled taco craving . I can ' t believe no one has mentioned that they have fountain ginger ale ! !
The grab n goes in the morning are a lifesaver for me when I am too busy to make myself breakfast . They are likely high in sodium , but are so tasty .
This is an amazing Bob Evans ! ! Staff & management are unbelievably kind . Food is always amazing . Highly recommended .
So happy that we ' ve found this place ! Our family loves it ! Good coffee , amazing bagels , and the staff is always so welcoming . Plan to make it a part of our normal routine
Small independent diner run by a hardworking couple . Good diner food and a great friendly , welcoming atmosphere . The owners really appreciate their customers and strive to please them .
I asked for HELLA CILANTRO ! They delivered . Most amazing Ox Tail Pho . Decent venue . Hella awesome servers !
Excellent place to eat ! They are not very busy Sunday nights . We have been here a few times and have always enjoyed ourselves . Don ' t let them rush you .
Great BBQ best so far in Phoenix by a long shot Fantastic vinegar sauce . Oren was very gracious Definitely recommend . Will be back
Fast , inexpensive great tasting sushi . . . they have some really great creations . Always welcome you when you walk in the door
Great service , friendly , and affordable . . . Always call to make an appointment to check availability so you don ' t have to wait .
Very clean establishment , good customer service and how cool that they make the donuts in front of you ? ! Their donuts are delicious !
Had a flight , and they were all yummy . My favorite was the Southend Sweet . Good vibe in the place plus non alcoholic options too .
Very Friendly Staff , and luxurious accommodations are just a couple of the wonderful qualities FireSky offered . Visited for work , but we will definitely return for a leisure visit . Looking forward to that trip !
This place is just amazing ! The crust is just so delicious and yummy ! Servers are very attentive . I absolutely recommend this place .
Great spot ! Sit at the bar , if you ' re lucky you ' ll get Memphis as your bartender . She ' s amazing , great drinks and beautiful smile .
Awesome place , friendly staffs . Drinks were pretty good as well . Nice hangout place to close home ~
Dr Sadowsky is incredibly attentive and helpful . She is extremely knowledgeable and genuinely cares about her patients .
Absolutely my favorite waffle place ever ! Once you have had these no others will ever compare ! Be sure and check out the adorable decor and the waffle truck is so cool too !
I love the vibe here . The bartender is very welcoming and friendly . I love the food and the drinks are strong just how I like them . Two thumbs up
The food and service at this restaurant was great . Went there after a round of golf , and was so impressed I took my wife there for dinner . Will be returning .
Excellent customer service and the food is really good , the choice and beers are awesome as well definitely recommend giving his place a shot
Scrumptious delicious pizza with an amazing base and crust from a family - owned pizza . One of the best pizzas in my opinion in Toronto from a very sweet owner !
Great Veggie food ! ! ! Had the Spicy Seaweed Plate . Soooo Yummy ! ! ! Good happy service too : )
Great inexpensive nail place near the strip . They did a great job and super friendly .
The service is great and atmosphere is pretty laid back ! I ' m planning on going here tonight !
Great fun for young and not so young . Highly recommend . Santa Claus even visits during the XMAS SEASON .
Update , lunch with friends on Friday . Tried the quiche this time , twas very good !
Excellent Sunday brunch ; great food and service . I especially enjoyed the prime rib , salmon , and shrimp and grits . The coffee is excellent ; that ' s important for me .
Ken and the guy ' s there are awesome . They have always give us great service and a pleasure to deal with . Will continue to bring all our vehicles back . . . .
This is a great place for the whole family ! Everyone will love it . Perfect place for a birhday party as well .
Excellent food . Excellent service . Nice environment . Could use a few ore vegetarian noodle options
One of the best burger places I have ever been to . I use to live close by but now I don ' t . I will make a special trip out here just for Lucky Boy ! !
Food is great ! New York strip was tasty . Mac and cheese was ok . The complimentary fries were yummy . My server was GREAT .
The best pho in Scottsdale . The owner is great and very welcoming . This was my first time her and I will be back . The lemonade was fantastic as well .
Build my own Bloody Mary was a delight - - I like it hot ! ! My burger was gr8 . Highly recommend
Always a fun experience at the Gun Garage ! My brother and I do sibling bonding time here . The staff are knowledgeable and very helpful .
Muy buen sazón , excelente atención por parte de los meseros , 100 % recomendable . El ambiente es muy agradable ya sea para ir con la familia o amigos .
Stopped by at the DeSoto Central Market for some fresh oysters ! ! 50 % of Fanny Bay Oysters from BC ! ! Very fresh and very yummy ! ! ! Great price ! !
Very helpful and offer a great selection of natural and organic pet food from both canada and the states . Plus your allowed to bring your dog into the store .
We got fast response and we got out pool and spa issues solved the next day . Very professional service . Thank you Donny
Love this nail salon ! Friendly staff and great service ! I ' m quite picky and I always leave with a great pedi or mani .
The best coconut shrimp wish the had one in Ca . The place is big the service is great . When I ' m in Vegas this is where I eat .
My wife and I visited for the first time to have appetizers before a company party . Loved it so much we booked dinner reservations for our anniversary . GREAT FOOD
Delicious and authentic Italian food . Thank you so much for the great service and delicious food .
I have been going to Mike ' s Tire Factory for 5 years . Enough said . They get the job done and treat customers right .
What a lovely place ! Excellent service , delicious food and great beverages ! ! The bulgogi burger was an amazing surprise ! Definitely recommend this place if you ' re looking for filling food and good cocktails .
The best subs in Pittsburgh . Jersey Style is the best . As good a sub as you can find away from the east coast .
Absolutely delicious ! I ordered multiple items for a large group of people and everything was great . Will definitely be back .
Angie is amazing . Anytime i need her to help my glow she hooks it up . She always helps me tan what i cant tone . I will never have anyone else ever tan me again .
Fast pace fun . Tons of scoring ! Nice and cool inside . They are winners ! The most winning professional franchise in Arizona .
Everytime I ' ve ordered from here the food has been amazing ! I think I ' m addicted lol
I absolutely loved my food ! Such a gem in Ohio City . I ' m getting the chicken and waffles next time .
good try，good place，the rice noodle refill are free and unlimited . I love the tomato soup and the spicy chicken .
Amazing flavors ! I wish that they had locations in California . They didn ' t have ranch , but their flavors made up for it .
One of my favorite lunch spots , must try the chili . Love the Owner so friendly , customer service is on point . Daily special change weekly .
Awesome cappuccino & scones for a wonderful morning . Very friendly and efficient staff .
Great Service , Great selection of steaks from Kobe to organic grass fed . Must try the lobster chowder . Great happy hour and live music everyday . Wonderful date night .
Mind - blowing selection and incredible service . Genuine Japanese fare at a 22 . 95 all u can eat price . So happy we went here . Waitress was so sweet and chefs were serious culinary experts .
Great Burgers and Beer . Love the atmospher to just hang out with friends ,
The sear on the NY strip was the best of any Mastro ' s steak we have had . Lobster Mac and cheese took it to an entirely new level .
Service was great and the food was amazing ! Loved the uniqueness to food that is usually so common . . . . vampiro tacos are too bomb !
This place is great . Gracious service , very clean , not smoky like so many Vegas casinos . Food is excellent . Reasonable rates and big room . I ' ll go back .
Matthew is by far the best bartender in cleveland ! We had an absolute blast with him . Great food too , very impressive menu . Five stars for days ! !
Great family owned restaurant . Real Italians and real pasta . Al dente to perfection ! ! Great service too . Will return !
Love the food and the service is wonderful ! The street tacos are amazing as are the margaritas
smoke duck is running out pretty soon on Thursday night . The service here is very nice .
Splash pad is so good for younger toddlers not extreme water spraying all over the place like most parks very clean Everytime I go
Great Vegan Sammies ! ! We loved it . My husband had the pilgrim and I had the Bud Bundy ! Both vegan and both fantastic . We will be back ! !
My go - to threading salon ! Sara is the best . She ' s the only person I trust with my eyebrows and she always fills them in when we ' re through . Highly recommend ! !
Best rice I have ever had when I moved in Madison ! Pho is great as well . Highly recommended !
I drink at least 3 cups of coffee from Tim Horton ' s so the self ordering kiosks are a big help . I hope they will have it soon in all Tim Horton ' s
They replaced a glass door at our business that had to be special ordered . Replaced promptly and efficiently . M & M Glass will be our go to vendor for any glass work .
I will not be buying the cheese curds anymore because of the price hike as well as shopping here anymore .
The food was superb , the waitress was delightful and attentive . Everything a hungry guy could hope for after a 5 - hour flight .
Great service , the menu is huge , and the fried chicken is to die for . Had the Kelly Kawpowski : so good ! ! ! !
We have been coming here for the past few years and always enjoy the food and service .
Hangover cured instantly was like I never drank the entire weekend . Worth every dollar .
The staff is great and pays attention . Everyone is always willing to help . They make sure to stay on schedule so never a long wait for your appointment .
Very good and quick service . Drinks taste very good and the quality has been consistent . Bravo to the cashiers , bartenders . The owner is lucky to have this young team .
Awesome place . Sweet staff and my dog has soooo much fun there . Well worth it !
This is my favorite Thai place in Arizona . True authentic and absolutely delicious . The green curry is my favorite dish with a spice level of three is plenty for a medium kick of heat .
Get the leek dumplings - - they ' re amazing . The dumplings here are made fresh right before your eyes . This is a great cozy restaurant .
This is an awsome place to get good craft beer . Good selection og tap beers and great service . Highly recomended .
Our son rented a tux for Prom . They were fantastic ! We appreciated their friendliness and customer service .
The peanut soup is incredible . This place never disappoints . During this last afternoon visit , the host played live music . Straight out of a Hugo novel . Humus wrap was great too .
went in for my first tattoo and was helped by Toby , he gave me what i wanted a did a fantastic job will go back
Went in for chips and salsa and a few drinks . Nice place . Good friendly service .
This place is amazing . Clean . Scrumptious food . Great beer selection . EXTREMELY friendly bartenders . I felt like everyone at this bar was an old friend . It . Was . Great .
The serving sizes are quite large and the Korean bbq was absolutely amazing ! The side dishes were also great and really added to the experience !
Quick and affordable ! Felt so great to get aligned and learn why my neck and back have been having issues
This is my first time here , the eel and avocado roll was delicious ! Very friendly staff and nice and quiet ambience . Very nice to unwind and relax . Definitely coming back : )
Quick and easy process . Highly recommend using their website to get into clubs for free . Chris provides quick text messages informing you of confirmation . Definitely will use them again when in Vegas ! !
Donnie was quick and professional when he replaced my motor . Plus gave me couple free advises also .
Incredible service , great selection of beer and wine , nice indoor and outdoor seating .
Great food and awesome customer service . Must try the Crab Wontons ! The Pad - See - Ew is my personal fave .
Excellent food and service ! We knew the chef on duty that night and he prepared a special dish for us , plus let us sample many dishes on menu . Full resto with great ambience .
Super bomb ! The staff is always so friendly and have never gotten food that was below excellent .
Amazing service . Whoever owns this place is doing things the right way . The pizza is top notch . Keep doing what your doing Dukes
Best place for dessert in charlotte ! A little pricey for some items but not bad for the city .
Their cakes are always very moist and the cream cheese frosting is amazing . I have never fed one of these to someone and got anything but a great review .
This place is fantastic ! The healthy options paired with a trendy new earthy feel is exactly what was missing from bridgeville eateries . Will definitely recommend to a friend and I am guaranteed to be a frequent cus
Love coming here ! Tried the smoked almonds about a year ago on a whim and now I ' m hooked ! Love the atmosphere and the food is stellar . Seriously , try the almonds .
Very nice ambiance . Have fun young ppl around . Great appetizers . Salt and Pepper Chicken Joints are so good .
Meals were awesome ! Lovely steak grilled to perfection . Their Long Island iced tea tasted better than the mojito did .
My friend came in an hour before close and they took us both for gel manicure / pedicure and were so friendly ! ! ! Excellent services . Want to try the new Chrome polish next !
Awesome staff , Epic food , and Rad Happy Hour . A great Arcadia location and is beach cruiser friendly . .
I am a fan . Try the Justing Cab . Blanched almonds for app . Wine tastings are excellent too .
Me and my boyfriend had a good coffee break time in here Very comfy , very friendly owner , next time I will try their crape !
Gone on a few dates and to see friends here 3 times now . The owner are down to earth and staff goes the extra mile .
i like this place , always clean safe for kids to play in , wifi for the parents is a nice bonus
I don ' t really remember being here , but one drink tasted like a jolly rancher and one was like a tootsie roll . AhhhhMazing ! And the Britney Couture Pops , so cute !
Amazing . get the almond cream croissant ! i think its cash only . . but worth every penny .
I ' d vote more stars if they had more available . Small , family owned place that was busy for a reason . Great meatball sandwich , fries and more . We Got Balls !
WooHoo ! This place is amazing ! Fantastic food , great bar selection , top - notch service ! Special shout - out to the bar crew ! Ya ' ll are great . See you next year !
Very friendly and professional Stephanie for my make up and hair do complete without a preview session . She nailed it based on a picture I showed that morning : )
Enjoy the good life at Elysian . Clean , quiet and great staff ! ! !
Good food , friendly prices and staff that ' s on top of it ! What ' s not to like ? The fried Zucchini & the stuffed Italian sandwich absolutely rock !
The taco salad was by far the biggest and freshest cuts from the steak and vegetables cuts ! Love the freshly made flour tortillas and the mint lemonade is unique and never tasted before !
First time here & will definitely be back ! Live around the corner . . . satisfied vegetarian here ! ! !
Paradise Melts takes the standard delectable grilled cheese and turns it into your own little culinary piece of heaven . Great food , decent prices and outstanding service make his food truck a winner .
Delicious . Great place for date night . Romantic . Live music was fantastic . Get the Crab Cakes ! ! ! Everyone should come here at least once . . .
Gabe , the darling server at the bar , serves the most over the top espresso martinis on the planet ! Everything was beyond delish ! Thank you !
All the staff here are really friendly , they make drinks fast , and if they ever have soup available do yourself a favor and get some I come before almost every work shift I have .
Great lunch experience here today . Logan did an excellent job and his knowledge of the menu was very helpful .
Very nice , friendly place . Food was hot , fresh and quick . Will definitely recommend this for any one that enjoys good Asian food . Priced right for lunch .
Awesome staff ! Delicious coffee drinks ! It ' s my go to coffee spot ! Oh . . . and the paninis are incredible !
This is the best Mexican food at any price , anywhere . We go out for lunch and dinner every single day 7 days a week . there is no Mexican food restaurant that compares ! ! !
Great experience with Nicole ! Will be back again soon . Great service , clean environment , plastic lined tubs from each guest . . . . . What more can you ask for .
Addicted to Cartel ' s cold brew - - absolutely wonderful coffee , fantastic atmosphere , and the baristas are very friendly . Can ' t recommend it enough
Have you ever walked into a building and thought " i wish my house looked EXACTLY like this place " ? well i did that yesterday , and everything in the building was for sale !
Deliciously yummy food ! ! ! Their hot pots are big and fresh ! Service was great too ! Friendly chef is a plus
Absolutely one of the best restaurants in town . Amazing service and food . Top notch and better than anything on the strip !
Really great options . Heaven for chocolate lovers but be careful to not to overstuff yourself ! Chocolate fondue for one is big enough to feed two people . Must try it out when in the city .
Great selection of flavors . Everything I tried was tasty . The presentation was beautiful . Service was very quick considering the amount of work they put into some of the selections .
Thank you to Tanisha and Amy ! . . . you saved the day with my catering order ! Beautiful as always . You all are great !
This is the best BBQ place in Pittsburgh that you ' ve never heard of . These guys do top notch bbq with great seasonings and sauces . 110 % quality and top notch service .
The Dagwood and the Gyro are my favorite sandwiches here ! The french fries remind me of carnival fries and they even have the malt vinegar to go with them .
Amazing food . Wanted something off strip and tried this place on a whim . Was not disappointed !
Tony is spectacular . Best time in Vegas EVER ! ! So much fun and the history lesson is excellent ! ! !
I decided to stop at this chipotle after a frustrating " slow " experience before . They were quick , night crew was great and took care of me fast . Thank you !
The food was excellent , I can see why the Sconnie has been voted the best burger in Madison . The service was prompt and the waitstaff is wonderfully friendly !
Love their BBQ . . . never disappoints ! ! ! I would gladly refer anyone and its definitely a place for our of towners to visit .
Very good tacos and great price , they have very good salsas happy hr 3 - 6 every day beer Only 2 . 25 and 2 tacos for $ 3
Hands down the best Thai restaurant in the East valley . Both the food and the service are exceptional every time .
Shrimp Frayed rice + edamame + tom yum soup + the crab of course . . The service is fast , you have to come the minute your break is began
A must - see for anyone living in TO or visiting . Runs for many blocks just south of Queen starting around Niagara and running east from there .
Hand - crafted cocktails and a killer happy hour keep me coming back to this place time and time again . Not to mention the rotating drink menu and awesome pizza .
This is my favorite place to eat . Staff is so nice . Food is great . So many yummy options . .
I am been craving greasy food ! I seriously I . Love with this place . . . why , you ask because the onion rings are amazing , they are perfect !
This is a great / friendly hotel with tidy - modern rooms . . ! I really like that it ' s so close to Downtown without any noise or hassle !
Very friendly staff . These guys have excellent customer service skills . Recommend for sure ! Thanks Alex and Carlos !
Great place . Brought in two jackets that were no longer wearable and now they look wonderful . The " alteration " was done quickly and at a very reasonable price . I would highly recommend .
A very beautiful cafe , with a converted indoor terrace from the old building it ' s in .
Sal , is very honest , and has fixed my vintage BMW numerous times , I will not bring my car anywhere else ! I suggest Sal at A & J auto to everyone . Class act !
Excellent ! ! We found a gem in the west valley . Spicy seafood ramen and miso ramen were delicious I
We came to listen to Beautiful Molly Johnson ! I love this theatre , very nice and convenient seats . You can see the stage from any seat , well designed .
A bite from our full experience review : " This decisively unpretentious local Chilean spot captured our attention on multiple occasions when we jogged through the neighborhood . " ps , their Churrasco sandwich is to die for !
After our third fantastic evening here , I am upgrading Greenhouse Tavern to a five ! Somehow the food was so good we didn ' t give a gosh darn about the music .
Ive done business with Tracy & Ni ck for over 20 yrs . These guys are the best ! Fair prices great work
I just love Wendy ' s the four for four is the best deal ever # BLT with ranch instead of mayo oh yeah .
Great fun . . . . decor , staff . Drink specials and a Sangria are awesome ! Good choices for food at a good price . And EXCELLENT Guacamole !
Just stopped by with our girls and they got them right in ! ! Great service and the Dallas teenage girls were happy with end product ! !
We LOVE this place . Usually get the chicken biryani , but recently tried Chicken tika masala which is delicious . I really don ' t think you can go wrong with anything tho . .
Great place to go on lunch breaks . Food is great quality and the workers are kind . One of my favorite spots . Cheesesteaks are very good as well ! Highly recommend !
We had a wonderful experience tonight at Matthews ' Bounce U for our son ' s 6th birthday . What made it especially great was the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff .
La nourriture était délicieuse , ça valait vraiment le détour . Je vais certainement recommander la brioche au chocolat .
I had my palm tree delivered today and it looks fantastic . Antjuan & the A team planted my palm in our beautiful new pot and cleaned everything up nice . Great job guys !
Great tacos . Wednesday is happy hour . $ 3 margaritas and discounts on tacos until midnight . Get here !
Amazing " Kitchen Sink " best breakfast you can get . Biscuits / bacon / eggs / gravy / hash browns . I recommend this
Great place to eat healthy food , drink awesome coffee , study , have a meeting , hang out , etc . Open 7am - midnight every day ( except Sun it opens at 3pm ) .
Extremely happy with the speed of service and professionalism . One of the few places that even offer 5w40 full synthetic .
Excellent ! Un des meilleurs comptoir / resto Libanais en ville ! Essayez le couscous à l ' érable .
Jayna was our server for a big group of 9 people . She was very helpful and attentive . The food speaks for itself , but her service was impeccable . I will be back again for sure !
I dont know what the other reviews are talking about . . . I had excellent food and excellent service ! Angelo even came over to our table and shook our hands !
Been coming here for years . Owner is always nice , cheapest detox I ' ve encountered so I always go here instead of bigger stores .
One of the best manicurist in Toronto with great customer service . It ' s way better than going to new salons popping around the city .
Amazing food and service ! Very high quality fish and probably one of the top places for izakaya and very fresh sushi and sashimi .
Woohoo ! As good as it gets ! It ' s a very good restaurant that you should try it out ! ! !
Had a nail in my tire so I went here to have it fixed , very reasonable and fast service . Highly recommend . . . . . . .
Very clean rooms . Friendly staff . I am on a business trip for 1 week and I ' m already likening it . I would recommend this place !
What an amazing dinner ! Can ' t wait to come back . The chicken was amazing ! ! ! Thanks for a memorable evening .
Love this place ! ! ! Way better than the acai bowls from Nektar in Downtown Summerlin . Rise n Shine is my go to fave here .
Joey and Alexis gave my mom and I the deluxe pedicure and it was fabulous . They did such a great job and it was very relaxing . We will definitely be going back !
Thank you so much for an amazing service ! ! And caring most wonderful and professional haircolor in . Staff was very helpful and always have a smile ! ! !
Delicious ! Very tasty , authentic food . Gyro platter was delicious ! Family run , homey and comfortable . Great service , very friendly owner . Would definitely eat here again and would recommend to others .
Very nice laundromat . Lots of machines . Owner on site and very nice and helpful . Clean and good variety of machines . Will definitely return next time we ' re in area .
This is probably one of my favorite sandwich shops ! ! ! I can ' t believe they deliver . I highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a tasty sandwich !
Great place for shellfish and bbq , love the corn and potatoes . Always great for an evening of food and friends !
I can ' t believe everything is vegan ! Amazing value for the portion size . I absolutely loved the birthday cake ice cream .
Shout out to Marisa the bingo attendant for her expectational service . She ' s awesome ! Her boss should should be proud . Thanks for everything ! ! !
This place is consistently great . Awesome service , great food , delicious beer ! We love going before catching a movie at Studio Movie Grill or just to grab dinner and a few drinks ! Highly recommend !
This place is Heaven ! The food and service was fantastique ! Huge portions of Porky Fries and Fried MAC n Cheese . Come hungry cause this place is legit ! !
I love this place ! I had the tonkatsu Ramen and it was so delicious . The service is friendly and the food is wonderful . You really can ' t go wrong with anything you try here .
We love this place ! Super friendly and great food ! They have live bands and a lot of parking .
Sophie did a great job with reading . She is amazing .
I wrote a really long review about how good they are , but it went away for some reason . Just try them and you ' ll be happy . Very honest and affordable .
Helen and Effie you ladies are the best ! ! Customer service at it best . Best po boy sandwich I had .
go giants ! what an awesome , old - school - feel stadium ! the lawn in the place to be ! the food concessions are great , but the ballgame is so much more intimate !
Love my nails by Sonny . They accommodated a last minute appointment , and called to confirm . Thanks !
Just the best hotdog ever ! Try a footlong or a white hot ! French fries with malt vinegar ! Wash it all down with an ice cold loganberry !
Good pizza ( the crust is amazing ) , cheap price for the portions and toppings and never a greasy mess
Kale and Smoked Salmon salad - blows your mind ! Finish it off with this crazy peanut butter fluff treat at the end . Crazy good food .
Very friendly staff ! Best place to get a smog in town don ' t spend the $ 20 at terribles when you can get it done here for $ 9 . 99
Our first time here . Shelly was an excellent server and the food was delicious ! We ' ll be back !
CLEAN friendly and accommodating ! Vicki the manager is very professional and Bella and Vicki are " nail gods " ! ! ! ! ! !
Best Ramon in Phoenix . This place is a true gem . It ' s open late and the people working there are so much fun . 100 % coming here Everytime I need some ramen !
Authentic Thai food in the heart of Vegas ! Definitely a must go for any Thai food lovers .
Awesome decor and fantastic food . Must try the scallops / shrimp , oyster rockefeller , mussles and salmon !
I stopped in here on my way home from work and found a very rare bourbon bottle Old forester birthday bourbon Thank you I ' ll . Definitely be back to see what else I can find
Came during happy hour and food and drinks were great . Great service as well . Love this location ! We will continue to come back .
Very nice . . Starbucks inside . . free water in room . . . valet $ 25 . . . bar inside that was open late
for the record . . . cabo fish taco has never been closed due to food poisoning ! ! ! ! ! you are thinking cow fish in south park ! ! !
Awesome place with a great staff . Next time I ' m in town I ' ll be stopping by again .
This is the best donut place I think I ' ve ever had . The cinnamon twist and glazed donuts are fantastic . Always fresh and never a disappointment . So glad I found this place
Service was a bit slow even though it was not crowded . Food was very good . Drinks ( micheladas ) were good but seemed warm , not chilled . Overall a good experience
I eat too much Thai food . This place is one of the best . The drunken noodles are the bomb . Red curry as well . Very kind staff , easy online ordering
This is my go to " fast food " Mexican restaurant . The food is always fresh and delicious . My favorite is the chicken enchilada with green sauce ! The tacos are a contender as well .
Great food . I eat here whenever I am in town and the food and service is always great . They go above and beyond to ensure your meal Ok and experience is good .
Very clean place , Great food , pico de gallo is awesome , TRY . The vegetarian burrito . Our server Steph is the BEST !
I got the two scoop Sunday with coffee and chocolate flavored ice cream . It was good ! I prefer more thick ice cream however the flavors that are offered here shines out .
This place is amazing ! Get the vegetarian panini and add chicken ! Great prices and great food
They came same day and it was a Saturday . Very affordable and fixed my issue very quickly . Highly recommend and would use them again .
The brownies are the bomb : ) will come back enjoyed the experience Sunday band is cool small cozy great food all home made that ' s hard to find
I love Home Depot . So much better than Lowes . They always have staff ready and available to assist you with what you need . Staff is always courteous and friendly .
Standee was awesome server and the burgers were amazing and onion rings were so fattening but great , lol . I definitely would recommend this place and will be back .
Good food , hot , and on time . This is all what we need good job Paramount . Servers were very efficient and fast .
Friendly staff and amazing deals ! No better place to buy your bed . Excellent .
Good food , but even better service . Sometimes family run places can be a bit stand - offish , but my experience here was the exact opposite . Chicken parm is goooood !
Cute and clean ambiance , great coffee , pleasant customer service , and different cute pastries everyday .
The manager here is a total sweetheart . The customer service was outstanding and the food was great too ! ! !
We ' ve become regulars here . Very southeast asian dessert theme . I had number 14 it was delicious . Free up size for checking in on yelp or faxebook
Olga does the most amazing facials ever . She is so friendly and really works hard on your face . Prices are so affordable .
One of our favorite spots in Vegas always have top notch service every waitress is amazing
Good food , good atmosphere , light on draft choices but the choices they have are good . Recommend if you ' re in the area
Delicious fresh food , and friendly service . One of the orders was misheard over the phone , so they covered it free of charge
The Tamales are amazing ! ! The green chili and cheese are my favorite , great food all around .
Excellent burgers and sides ! Great countermand - very helpful and informative . Sauces were excellent . Quality and service were great . I will definitely return .
Excellent service one of the few carwashes in town that gives you a towel to dry off your car to clean the inside I wish I lived closer I ' d come here all the time .
Great sound , great crowds , good beers and good food . THE music venue in phoenix . Have been here many times for bands , will continue coming back .
I am so glad I have discovered this restaurant ! I have my weekly fix of the hibachi chicken with spring roll . The prices , food , and employees are great .
Fabulous store . . . . . quality and selection is worth the drive . Best service ever ! ( Jeff S . ) was super friendly and helpful !
I just absolutely love how professional , talented and cool Rachel is . She definitely knows hair and is in the right field ! Love her easy going personality and expertise .
Came here in a referral basis was a little shy but I can say , hands down a 5 star experience . The service was wonderfully filled with smiling faces and the food is absolutely fresh and delicious .
The people at this Chipotle are SO nice ! ! The food is awesome as usual and they are very generous with their servings . Love it !
Stephanie , Cole , and Miranda the fucking ginger awesome fucking staff ! ! ! Best spot on the strip ! ! !
I love this old navy . The employees are very friendly and helpful . They always have a big selection and love their activewear .
Heather is the best ! She is Extremely knowledgable , kind , and has a great sense of humor . I would buy a bed from her the next time I need one .
Great location , friendly employees , clean bathrooms . Tyler is the friendliest employee and a great asset to this location and company . I hope he ends up running the company one day !
Awesome service , very friendly , and amazing sandwiches ! If it ' s you ' re first time , I recommend the spicy curry chicken sandwich !
Love . Love . Love this place . Great food . Good value . Portions great . Recommended to leave room for dessert . . .
Amazing food at great prices , will plan on going back soon . staff is also wonderful .
Great food and great variety . Burgers were fresh and the gyro was great . Keep up the good work .
So good ! ! One of the best Mediterranean restaurants I ' ve ever been too . The kabobs are amazing ! !
Another great location from Neck and Back . I am a computer IT and always have back problems , after a few adjustments they always have me up and going . Thanks !
Love the habit . Food is excellent . I was happy to see one open up in North Las Vegas area .
best massage EVER ! ! I went here and to the one in Scottsdale every day for 2 weeks leading up to Ironman and a week after and they are amazing ! !
Excellent service , great food ! They don ' t take reservations but have a nice lounge area where you can have a drink ( and kids are allowed in ) . You won ' t leave hungry !
Amazing service , great food and fun environment . More than happy to be supporting a local establishment . Will definitely be back to this joint . Thank you for an amazing meal
Great food and excellent friendly service . It was a perfect date night for us and we learned a little about Ethiopian foods and culture thanks to the owner and his family !
Highly recommend chef selection charcuterie board . Out first waiter wasn ' t very informative with what ' s on it , but it was definitely worth it for the price . Everything was amazing .
Trey was so easy to work with and was able to help us out same day ! We look forward to having him monthly , and so far so good - no more summer bugs !
Everything went smoothly , which is all I really need in a car rental . Here is some more text because Yelp makes one yammer on for a while before it considers the review long enough .
One of the best restaurants in Vegas . The service was impeccable . The food was extraordinary . The ambiance was romantic . Love ! !
Stopped by here had a blast Country music dancing mechanical bull buckets of beers good times
good store feel comfortable asking questions about different supplements . good selection on vitamins .
The staff are fantastic and the food is even better ! ! ! It NEVER disappoints ! Everything ( pasta and pizza ) are homemade and you can ' t go wrong with anything on the menu !
This is the best place to come for costumer service . Stephanie was an amazing bartender as well as Alison as server . I will definitely come back !
Great service , staff and owner was really nice and welcoming ! Love the hookah and happy hour prices
Great family place and awesome food always . Nice beer selection . Friendly staff always on the ball .
The brunch is unreal . The service was perfect and it wasn ' t too busy . Expensive , but worth it
This place is amazing . It is my favorite chinese food restaurant in Vegas . I can ' t even leave a positive enough review . You just have to try it . Delicious !
Great Mexican food . Everything tastes good , good salsa and the staff are always friendly . Good prices and good food . I like this place .
Everything here is amazing . So authentic and fresh - tasting . The chicken burrito is my favorite !
Pretzel , sausage , and sauerkraut was amazing ! ! ! Great service too ! Definitely check it out .
I always get wintermelon milk tea and its just perfect . The place is clean and spacious . Has a lot of games that you can borrow . Great place to hang out .
Great food , location , and drinks ! The chicken and waffles was amazing ! Great sized portions too !
Excellent selection , fresh food , the people at the fish counter are very helpful . E checkout girls are friendly and I don ' t have to wait in line long .
The burgers here are the best in Charlotte . My favorite is the Guacamole Burger with the sweet potato fries . There black bean burger is pretty tasty too .
Awesome service and great quality ! I ' ve been using them for many years and I live in Indianapolis !
I always feel so welcomed when I visit this restaurant . I never thought I could enjoy mock duck but I love their mock duck red curry . Everything on the menu is delicious .
Irvin was great ! Thank you for all your help . I was in a bad situation and Verizon just restored my faith in humanity today . Thank you !
10 oz steak was delicious ! Staff was also very friendly . Definitely we shall come back again . Maybe even tomorrow : )
Fun and inviting place for breakfast , brunch , lunch . Great coffee , great atmosphere and the patio is very relaxing .
Always fast and reliable . I ' ve never had a bad experience there .
Great service and great food , if you ' re here for the breakfast I recommend the ham and eggs . The plate comes with a huge ham steak .
Enjoyed lunch . The place was packed and the service was very good . Good food . Nice tavern feel .
Food is delicious . I dream about their rice lol decent portions . Clean environment . The manager is the sweetest ! ! Friendly staff . Will come back .
Perfect place for breakfast or lunch ! Service eggceptional ! ! Always happy after a great meal here ! Get any of the eggs benedict ! ! !
OMG this BBQ is amazing ! On Sat nights you can enjoy an entire rack of APPLEWOOD SMOKED ribs for $ 25 , yummmmm . The staff was super f
Awesome food and good service ! ! ! The carne asada Street tacos are awesome . Awesome for a lunch spot .
Awesome workout ! Highly recommended . Classes are 30mins long and you don ' t stop moving . Intense and difficult , but you keep coming back for more !
Really good food I had the honey walnut shrimp it was great the food came out super fast . The service was good they are really nice
Favorite barnes and noble in town . Two floors of books , music and gifts situated in a gorgeous outdoor mall ! !
Wow this place is so daaam good first time trying it to day some saucy dam good stuff ! ! ! U gotta try the Mongolian beef wooord ; )
Nice people here ! Do a great job . Love going to a place and they remember u and are so friendly
This is the best Chinese food buffet I ever eat so far in Arizona . I luv foods nd the place is nice also the people r very nice nd friendly . .
Obsessed with my lashes . It took me years to find a lash technician I could trust . Alesha is meticulous to detail and so freaking talented . She is a true artist !
This is a typical Sports Authority . It was very well stocked and the employees were helpful .
Dr . Millard has been my OBGYN for 17 years , she has delivered both of my kids and is awesome ! Wonderful personality , always pleasant , I am completely comfortable around her !
Just moved to Vegas and bought my bed there awesome customer service and great prices I would recommend it to everyone .
Awesome company to work with . Been working the valley for a long time and very affordable . I recommend !
Way fun . . . way safe . . . super rush of adrenalin ! ! Made me want to go again and again ! ! The video shows me smiling the entire time ! !
I have been seeing Dr Randy for 20 years my whole family and Grandkids love the expert care and genuine concern Dr Randy gives to us ! His staff is also wonderful Sylvia and Britt are the sweetest
Had a filet mignon and eggs this morning ! ! ! Awesome fricken awesome ! ! ! Great service and the cappuccino was very good ! ! This guy can make anything you want ! ! !
Wonderful rich Italian food . Your stomach will come up and kiss your mouth . Rat pack jazz , attentive wait staff .
pretty hospital great staff ! ! I had a great peds rotation here and the place is brand new , plus the food at lunch is so good and international . Like a children ' s hotel !
Super friendly service . Positive atmosphere . I ordered the calamari salad and it was DELISH .
The meat is pretty good and super friendly and responsive service . Im usually the one that cooks but i didnt even get a chance . The waiters were on point .
Amazing food . Come here it is awesome . Loved every bite . Check in for free ice cream macaroon .
Best coffee in Toronto ! Great flat white , the owner is super friendly , and it ' s also a really cool environment . Highly recommended
Food was great ! Atmosphere was retro diner style and very cozy . Service was very good . Loved the pies
Dr Ryan Nishihara is the best pediatrician in Las Vegas ! They never make you wait and are extremely caring . If your child is sick he will see him / her that day .
Fast , fresh , excellent . I found this little gem in this casino and gave it a try . The happy hour specials are great . Highly recommend .
Great ice cream original favors and homemade toppings . Friendly staff and some seating . I had Belgium chocolate and peanut butter chip in a home was waffle cup it was awesome .
Awesome Sunday evening at the venue , good crowd and the bar tenders were to perfection !
Awesome hole in the wall neighborhood bar . Everyone knows everyone inside and welcomes you immediately . It ' s a home away from home . Great food , great staff . Well done Ontario !
Incredible brunch ! Delicious Benedicts , beef medallions with grits , and escargot ! Also got the endless mimosas and Kir Royales , and they made sure our glasses were never empty !
Cute place for a date or with friends . Great food , drinks and atmosphere . Music good too
Great service by Brandon and Gabe . Car wash experience was the best I ' ve seen in years
Kumiko has been wonderful to work with ! She takes everything into consideration and goes out of her way to help you .
I was been here many time with my friend . The food taste good . Great service . The host and waitress are very nice and friendly . I love the sushi here .
Delivered some flowers for V - day all the way from Cali and she loved them . Thanks Nancy and team !
These cupcakes are AMAZING ! A dedicated GF Bakery ! My new safe place for sweets . The owner Chris she is also amazing , very passionate about her product
Had the pork chops , fantastic . Ate at the bar and the bar servers were the best . Highly recommend . Very friendly and helpful .
Rarement gouté une viennoiserie aussi bonne que le babka au chocolat de chez Cheskie ! C ' est simple , je suis devenu accro ! Heureusement que je n ' habite pas trop loin .
Absolutely awesome experience ! The food was delectable , the portions were huge and our server Mary was fantastic ! We will definitely be back ! : )
Super fresh , well seasoned and good ! ! I love the atmosphere . It ' s very calm clean and neat .
Love this restaurant . Definitely one of my favourites in the Vaughan area . Prices are great . Portions are huge , and the food is to die for .
Awesome pizza ! Amazing wings ! Great breadsticks ! Super friendly staff and very clean fun place ! ! ! !
Simple but solid tacos with a great owner / operator . I highly recommend getting the pork taco but all are good .
Ordered for delivery to my hotel room . It took one hour but the food was so good ! Felt bad that i did not tip the guy enough . . .
Awesome atmosphere and delicious food and cocktails . I really don ' t think you can go wrong with anything on the menu . The sushi is so fresh and the truffle fries were bangin !
Had 5 giant trees planted today . The delivery crew was great and really fast . Highly recommend to others .
A true find . Best crepes I ' ve ever had ! Excellent presentation and amazing flavors . A great date place .
Tori is fabulous . Eyebrow threading can go very right or so very wrong . Tori always gets it very right .
Always fantastic with service and food . . . Keep up the good work . . . Service is top notch . . . Love the chicken teriyaki . . .
Great food , Great service , Great concept . Wife and I had date night here and had a blast . A must place to check out ! !
Dale was on time , efficient and trustworthy . Would definitely recommend . We had him install a laundry vanity , hang and secure a large mirror and a few other small things .
Best sushi in Vegas ! ! Highly recommend the Irish roll and the somethings wrong 69 ! ! Jenny is the best ! ! ! !
First time visiting . . . . I will definitely return . Fantastic service provided by Sandy ! ! I am so happy to have found a new nail technician !
I ' ve been this place twice already ! Wow wow ! ! The food was fantastic and services were so nice ! Thank you chef choi ! You are the best ! !
Just had breakfast here . Wow ! Very impressed . Excellent food huge selection breakfast and lunch . Service is fantastic and the restaurant is very clean ! ! ! Will definitely be back ! so good !
Sea bass lunch special is the best deal in town . I have never had anything there under perfection .
Food is great ! Fast and friendly service . Get the meatballs and arugula salad . So good !
Great for kids ! Let my 5 year son & nieces go to the open bounce . They had a GREAT time . Good place to let the kids run & play !
Best Thai food in Henderson . Pineapple fried rice , eggplant basil chicken and shrimp Pad Thai were all delicious . Nice clean place too .
Great food , love their chicken , so tender and flavorful . The spinach rice is great too , and their " pico " is delicious .
Fantastic company they came highly recommend it called they came out the very next day Jim was very knowledgeable explained everything in detail took care of my bug issues thank you CORE PEST SOLUTIONS you are # 1
Monique was filling in and took great care of me . The deal I got was fantastic !
Not looking for this place ! Glad I found it ! This place made me really happy ! Looks like there are more food places that are moving onto this strip mall !
Wonderful service and competitive prices . I may never get up again . Sure beats the old couch I had been plopping myself down on !
By far , the best resturant in Champaign - Urbaba . their back ribs is delicious . Their burns ends will melt in the mouth ! Ask for the hottest sauce that is not on the menu ; )
The food was delicious and the staff was helpful . I enjoyed the rice bowl and hummus was yummy .
This is an awesome place to get you car fixed . Ernesto helped me with my 2015 Mustang made look beautiful again . He also helped me with my insurance company and paperwork which was a breeze . .
First time having poke , and it is so good ! This place is great - super clean , great food , and great service ! Can ' t wait to go back !
This place is great ! Friendly staff ! Great prices ! I feel great already ! I will definitely be back ASAP !
Sundevil auto is the best ! Fixed my car the same day , friendly and affordable ! Thanks !
Always perfect . . . friendly staff that makes you wanna hang around and chat . Wish they had some outside seating for this time of year .
My employer caters with this place once a month or so . DELICIOUS food . It is always a work favorite when we order here . Fresh ingredients and great taste !
Chong is amazing . Did my 90min facial and everything about it was very good . Great experience and customer service . I will be coming back to her every time now . thank you ! ! !
Another refuge in this strange city . Wonderful grub . It was the high point of my trip to Vegas last weekend .
I always leave here with a smile . The food is bomb and the service is pretty good ! No more deciding who will cook the meat in your party , they ' ll do it for you haha
One of the best sushi places in Vegas . Love the oyster shooter .
Pho was VERY good , herbs were fresh and tasty . Egg rolls had a great pork filling with vegetables . Will definitely be back .
Awesome place ! ! Huge pancakes , perfect cooked to order eggs , great bacon . . . Coming back for sure
Great service and food . Definitely returning to try other things . I had the mojarra and it was on point .
Great flavor , soooo many ( almost too many ) options & variations of sandwiches that it can be overwhelming , BUT definitely a must try / have .
first time was awful but the owner offered another free haircut to make it up and the second one was good
Love the falafel and roasted veggie bowls . They load up the bowls with whatever you want . I always enjoy coming here .
Very good Vietnamese food , haven ' t had it this good since my days in the Bay Area . If you like Pho and other Vietnamese dishes this place rocks
Always get my clothes back when promised . They called to let me know some leather items had to be sent out and take look get and would cost more . I appreciated the heads up .
Chocolate is very rich and also almond croissant is to die for . It is amazing and great
Great food . Awesome atmosphere . Outdoor seating available . Good margaritas . A + . Try the burger .
Fast , friendly , and quick services . I only frequent this place to send money to my family , and have had absolutely no problems whatsoever .
Great bbq pork here . Tasty juciy , not too much grease very powerful air conditioning in a hot day .
Brandon was very helpful and professional . He along with other staff members are the reason I ' ve gone to this store for more than 5 years .
Absolutely fantastic food . If you love home cooking this is the place to go . Very friendly too .
I love this place . It ' s small and always packed and very lively . It ' s what you expect when you go to a cafe . Service is excellent and the staff is really friendly .
These cakes are just scrumptious ! I love the icing . My favorite flavor is the white chocolate raspberry .
Best Gyro in town ! Great food great service ! We can ' t wait to come back and try other Greek specialties ! Opa !
Taryn went above and beyond to make our dinner a great experience . She was exceptionally attentive and offered the best service we ' ve had in a long time . We will return ! Food was great !
This is by far the best bakery you ' re going to get . Their muffins and crossaints are excellent and always fresh ! The service is also excellent . Will be coming back here .
$ $ $ $ $ $ but at least fairly quiet if you can some by 6 - 7pm - family style side dishes - water glass never 1 / 2 empty - special night - a good choice
Very good food . We tried Enchiladas Verdes with vegetarian and chicken - both were tasty . We loved the sauce .
This place is amazing . The brisket and ribs are to die for . The staff very friendly and helpful . Loved it ! !
I ' ve tried several different place trying to find a good donut and cinnamon roll . . Love this place If you haven ' t tried it . . . Your missing out .
Awesome theater , great staff and food / drinks ! We go every week and have always had a great experience .
Chase is a top notch guy . Great customer service and professional . He installed an amplifier in my new truck recently . I ' m planning to return soon for new speakers as well .
Great service ! Ice cream was delicious 1st time I was there and will definitely be going back . Great place for family & friends
I have been to over 50 Indian restaurants worldwide , from England all the way to the USA . Not one place I have been too has the taste of these samosas . Must try !
The room was very big and clean , nice ambience . Far from strip tho so you need a car but it wasnt an issue for us . The Coronado Cafe ' s food was pretty good too .
Howard Air is the real deal . Their techs show up on time , act professional , and do great work ! Highly recommend !
Hade a great breakfast this morning at Egg and Joe . It was our first visit and Nikki took very good care of us . We will definitely return .
Xavier mortimers magical show is super fun , magical and entertaining . No dull moments . Every scene was great and amazing . 5 star for the show . Will watch it again .
Amazing Food ! Very popular place , even during weekday evening . Call early for reservation !
The crepes were delicious the service was outstanding I went there with my grandma and my honey earlier this morning and I would definitely think about going and eating there again in the future .
Always delicious ! Good service and the chicken / mango and avocado sandwich sooooo goooood !
Olive is phenomenal ! ! Not your traditional massage but she will make you feel 1000 % better !
This little cafe makes the best Vanilla Chai Tea Latte !
Desert Durum Wheat Whisky , locally distilled & bottled ( ask about the backstory ) . . . I know my " browns " and I was VERY PLEASED !
This is my favorite Sprouts location ! The employees are SO friendly and helpful ! The shopping experience is always a pleasure ! So happy to have them in the neighborhood !
This place is awesome ! The food is great and not expensive at all . The employees are the best ! ! ! Totally would recommend and go back there !
Been several times now and tried something different every time . I have been amazed every time the desserts are wonderful and becoming a weekly habit of mine .
Phenomenal service and the Dr is fabulous ! ! Highly recommend them ! I went in for a severe corneal abrasion and they saved my eye .
Gabi Cafe off the strip . Legit coffee and in house dessert ! The interior is so impressive with all the Korean decor !
If you have any problems ask for Alicia the Operations Manager . She resolves issues and makes customers happy by making things right .
The sushi was fresh , beautiful and delicious . So much food and it tasted amazing . # 28 roll and poke salad are my fave . Service was fantastic .
This is a great gym . Never too packed . And they were very understanding about adjusting my billing since I had to leave town a lot this last year Thanks guys !
my militarys on took his car into this meineke shop because of his breaks squeaking . The called him son after to let him know his breaks were fine and no repairs were needed . Nice job fellas
Had 2 pasta dinners that were not only delicious but huge portion . Will be ordering delivery many more times in the future .
We had an excellent dinner here ! The filets were perfect . The sides were great . The service was wonderful . And to top it off , the price was reasonable . We will definitely go back !
Amazing Pizza . Best deep - dish I ' ve ever .
Catering was great ! Very accomodating . Showed up on time and the food was very fresh and tasty ! Will definitely use again .
Recently we have gone for brunch . There classic breakfast so tasy and a great price . Also they have a great selection of whiskey and beers . Fun place to go with friends .
The food is awesome , love the three cup chicken , crispy tofu and the beef noodle soup .
Clean , delicious food , and excellent service . Janet is a server who takes care of your every need with a smile .
Delicious food . Big portions when it comes to Pho . Fast service . Will be back for more !
Friends like family , a great community resource . Fantastic classes and coaches , well run . Clean and beautiful facilities and equipment .
The best sandwich shop I ' ve ever been to . Highly recommend the Julius Caesar , on their signature bread . Just tremendous .
Rizzo ' s is fantastic and authentic Italian food . We love the food and place .
Typical Chipotle . Same layout and choices as all . Always busy , but always maintaining their composure and busting through the lines like a boss . Great food .
Great customer service ! They helped us figure out what to order as 1st timers and were very patient with us !
The Ziti was on point and our server Aaron did not let our drinks fall below the ice level . Restrooms were clean and had throwback styling within . Thanks
This is the best worst bar in the valley . The dive of all dives but bartenders are kind , great jukebox and the temperature is cool inside . I only drink bottled beer though
Their guac and entrees are delicious . I like how they change the menu on a frequent . . . but not too frequent basis !
Scallops were delicious and so were the drinks . Great spot to have a wonderful dinner !
Ryan came out to repair our wash machine very professional and courteous did a very thorough job would highly recommend them to anyone for appliance repair great job thanks
Delicious ! you have to be in the mood for french , but it is done beautifully . Their baking is spot on and so are their sauces .
Awesome place , they have amazing brisket and some tasty ice cold beers made in Arizona
The staff here is simply amazing . Kelly at the front desk and Jillian went above and beyond the call of duty , helping me with a request . I really appreciated their help . Thank you !
We loved it there ! We only had the pizza , but it was soooo good . The music was great , the place was well designed and thew service was terrific .
Excellent food and service . Had the Sausage and Peppers over pasta very filling . Highly recommended
Great value lunch special . $ 6 . 99 complete lunch include soup , egg roll , and 16oz soda . Place looks clean although the interior is a bit outdated .
Had dim sum today . Place is very nice and clean . Dim sum was really good . Defiantly coming back to try lunch and dinner menu
Best Greek food in Phoenix . you have to try the Greek spaghetti George is a hoot and an entertainer for sure
Great pedi spa experience in Las Vegas . Highly recommended ! Your feet get so pampered . This is a must stop Nail Shop . The staff & owners are really friendly .
Was visiting and desperately needed a pedicure . This was amazing ! Great prices , great customer service and the place is incredibly clean . And the chairs are awesome !
The five stars is for Wiley ! Such a positive and friendly guy . Greets everyone coming in and out of the store , cleaning your table and making people laugh . He ' s just awesome !
Once again , the guys here take very good care of me and my truck . The prices are competitive but the service stands out .
Everything I ' ve tried there has been great so far . Highly recommend . The size of burritos are huge . Better than Taco Bell by far .
They have a great menu and awesome food . We have never been disappointed and love coming here . We usually carry out .
I ' ve been wanting to try this place & I ' m sooo glad we came here today . I had the kaluha pork sandwich - yum ! : )
This place feels like your friend ' s parents kitchen table from 1993 , in the best way possible . A gem ! The dip sandwich , the eggs benedict , so good .
Delicious tortas . Wonderful food and great customer service . So happy that we found this place .
Suoer fun time with qualified , professional JACK MACRINO ! drove away with the Rover of my dreams happy happy happy ! highly recommend Jack and this dealership to anyone .
Wouldn ' t want to go anywhere else ! These ladies know how to make you feel like a pampered princess . Everything they do is amazing and prices are great ! Keep up the good work ladies !
Great service , food and price . This is my favorite place to go for breakfast . Nice and simple .
Did the Imax experience . . Wow ! ! All the staff was great here and the place was clean even the restrooms . .
Excellent customer service . Food was great , snow crab legs and blue crabs . Highly recommended !
Awesome pizza , great beer choices . You can ' t go wrong here . Only delay was the wait , but that went fast with beer and friends ! I will definitely recommend !
I had a carpet repair done by Robert . He is anal about arrival time - not a minute late . His sense of humor was wonderful . The repair was perfect . Could not have been better !
This place is brand new and more modern style . Food is great but the service is even better ! Anybody can come and enjoy .
Very nice decor and environment . Got a massage here and it was great . They have relaxing music and refreshing complimentary drinks . It ' s pricey but hey , you get what you pay for ; )
Ask for the boat ! ! This place is great and every accommodating . Make sure to check it out for happy hour - best prices .
Exquisite WINE bar on the capitol square in Madison . HOSPITALITY is the name of the game here as the small dishes are tasty and ever changing so put this down as a place to visit !
CJ Took great care of me and had efficient service ! I had a interview in the morning and he arrived to my house in 15 minutes ! ! Highly recommended ! ! !
Perfect thin crust ! Great variety of pizza . Try with Amsterdam beer .
GF TOOK ME FOR MY birthday Great food , delish drinks , and cool atmosphere ! I ' m going to try and head there tonight !
Amazing pancakes , grits and biscuits ! ! ! ! ! Wonderful , friendly staff and service ! Will definitely return the next time we are in Phoenix .
The pasta and the pizza were very good , reasonably priced for Vegas and the service was the best of all . My husband enjoyed the extensive beer list as well .
Had a great experience with Veronica ! Hair removal doesn ' t hurt a d she took her time ! !
Love to eat food that is good for you and tastes good . This place hits the mark on both !
Some of the best bed side manor I have experienced . All the medical professionals are very polite .
I ' ve had Sharky ' s in california and was so excited when I saw they were in Las Vegas now . The service was excellent and the food was just as great .
Awesome Carne Asada burrito . This thing is huge ! The flavors of the meat and the pico de gallo , are so good . Consistent and reliable . Love it .
Best Thai in the East Valley , terrific service and reasonably priced . The duck is always perfectly done . A great place for lunch or dinner .
Blows every other banh mi I ' ve had in Charlotte out of the water . Fresh baguettes and great pickled vegetables . Order the speciality porchetta banh mi - they slice and serve to order .
The drive - through was very fast and our Super Nachos were huge and very good . The carne asada is really good .
Never too packed with fast service . The food is flavored well and Im always satisfied . I always get the same thing , and havent been disappointed yet .
Gina helped me get a 10x15 rented excellent customer service . Location is close by and you can access your belongings 7 days a week flexible hours with reasonable rates .
KUDOS to this professional and consumer considerate company . It warmed my heart to work with such knowledgeable , willing and able people . Thank you .
This place is great . Fresh ingredients . Wide selection . Huge portions . Will definitely return .
Good for and friendly folks , reasonable prices and a great location in the little organic farm area . Great farmers market across from them also .
My wife and I have love this place for the last 10 years . When we lived in Pittsburgh and her kids were little we would always make a special trip to either pepperoni pizza .
One of my favourite place to spend the night . Many games for you to choose . Drinks and food are cheap . Love the Japanese popcorn
we visited this on our last morning of our Niagara / Toronto vacation - and so worth the time . Our only wish was that we would have built in more time to spend there .
Had two different stone fired pizzas . Both were amazing . The atmosphere and staff were excellent . Looking forward to coming to Humble often !
So delicious ! The spicy salsa was great ! The outside may be nothing to look at , but don ' t pass by this place .
Had a great tyme , love their donuts especially the donuts with the nuts . Super recommend I love it I love it .
Fantastic food , great atmosphere . . . original menu items ! First time here and we ' ll definitely be back !
The foods was great . The service was great . Perfect spot for a quick dinner . Excellent option on Fremont street . Would go to again !
Been here several time now and Erin is awesome and gets the heart of it . She has help where others professionals have not , the staff is always friendly .
So dope . Incredibly unique food and amazing quality . Sososososo tasty . I got the pork wings and po ' greek boy burger .
Amazing food , amazing service . We had the chicken tikka masala and lamb korma . Prepared perfectly . I highly recommend ! Will come back every time I ' m in Chandler !
Wish I had got to meet Mark . It was worth every minute of the drive .
Workers are very friendly every time I ' ve come in and the pizza is absolutely amazing would highly recommend this hidden gem to everyone .
Very good service and very friendly postal workers I got my passport done here awhile ago and they actually sent it through with minimal ID paperwork from me
Queso & guac included in the price ? ! Can ' t beat that the food is always warm and I honestly like it better than other similar restaurants .
Does anybody know their new adress because they moved from west trop . Anyway the tech that did eork on my pc ' s was great . Hope to do busssiness again soon .
Le secret le mieux gardé en ville . C ' est là que j ' ai mangé le meilleur tartare de ma vie . Excellent service ,
OMG ! Went for happy hour with a girlfriend and enjoyed the ambiance , live music , pear martin , pretzel bread , lobster roll , beef sliders and oysters rockefeller !
Exceptionally clean . Exceptionally friendly staff . Delicious food . Much better than fry bread house
Good that deserves a review . It ' s good ! ! Has the morrocan sandwhich with a salad with my girlfriend and loved it . Real busy food came out quickly .
I love this place . PJ is a great employee . Very helpful . I will keep coming back for the rest of my life . I ' m so happy right now . # worstbehavior
Great NY strip steak . It was large enough to share with a baked potato , green beans and spinach . Wish I lived closer to come back more often .
Love the food , great drinks and nice staff . Great sports bar and location . A Charlotte must for visitors and hangout place for locals
This place was on POINT from start to finish ! From the hostess who was friendly and welcoming to Our server , Elecka , who was great and also made some excellent recommendations ! HIGHLY Recommended ! ! !
Lovely little cafe tucked in the business park . Friendly family run with excellent pastries and sandwiches . Can be slow on service but worth the wait
The best food in town ! ! ! More than 5 stars : - ) ) The best breakfast in Las Vegas Good price & service
Tara is a great waitress with a great memory ! Great food as well ! Great atmosphere . Plenty of view tables for any sport !
Roka has a bit of everything from clothing , shoes , jewelry , gifts and great stylists that help you find your style . The staff is always friendly and help you find what you are looking for .
The bread is amazing . Must have . . Place is very HOT . . so be prepared get in and out .
OMG delish ! Gorgeous atmosphere , incredible service and from the shellfish platter to spicy Caesar salad to perfection steak we were very pleased with the whole experience ! Happy Anniversary to us !
chow mein i ordered is beyond delicious , will be ordering more here ( : shout out to the delivery driver ; she ' s really nice ( :
Luigi is very reliable , and he was able to re - key within the same day as being called ! I highly recommend Act Fast Lock Smith !
Item arrived within a few short days . Nice assortment of candies ! Made a perfect birthday gift ! Recipient was thrilled ! !
I was pleasantly surprised ! The friendly staff greeted me as soon as I walked in . Terry did such an excellent job ! I will definitely be coming here from now on . . .
Best Tortas In AZ unbelievable food and great value . Live little Mercado where you can find great western wear shipped direct from Mexico .
I ' ve gone to this Chick - Fil - A over 40 times since 2015 . Great service , quick food & great diet lemonade .
Unique establishment with a great variety of chocolates bar hrags and truffles and great clearance options available while supplies last
Oro ' s beers are impressive . They offer beer to match everyone ' s palate . All beers on tap are from AZ breweries . They staff is welcoming and love the atmosphere !
Chicken n jojos are second 2 NONE pizza both kinds is a1 as well , very kind family business that knows how 2 treat ppl
Lunch buffet was excellent . Great service , fresh food , and nice atmosphere . Lots of vegetarian options . Great price and live music was cool too . I will go back .
This place has such a great flavor , and they are prompt and courteous when delivering . Really enjoy their food , and the portions are decent .
Dogs still delicious , service was prompt this time . Remodeled restaurant looks nice !
Excellent café et ambiance calme , parfait pour débuter une belle journée avec son journal , je vous conseil cette place ! ; )
Fantastic food ! Delicious cocktails ! Great atmosphere . Great vibes . I still fantasize about the seafood alfredo .
Get more than what you actually pay ! Great room ! I would recommend ! TV in the bathroom . Pillow top mattress . And we paid under 50 / night ! !
Alyssa at the Clinique department was so above and beyond helpful today ! Loved her and learned so much from her . Jamie ( ? ) at checkout is also so cheerful and helpful with promos every visit .
Excellent catfish . Service was great . Drinks were strong and tasty . Laid back atmosphere . Highly recommend for your seafood cravings .
Daniel was awesome . He was very helpful and kind and courteous . He is a great asset to the sonic on Cheyenne . The company has amazing food and a great happy atmosphere
Outstanding authentic Italian food . The atmosphere and service was great ! Another place I would frequent often if this place was in my home town .
Best taco place in town . Love their tacos . Love their torta . Chips is great . The salsa bar is worth a million ! ! ! !
Miss eating here . Yummy food ! and always fresh since they have there own veggie garden
Amazing ! ! ! Love the fries they start with and best a5 we have ever had . The snores dessert is a must . Every time we are in Vegas we stop by .
I ' ve tried four different Poke restaurants in the immediate ( North Scottsdale ) area . This is easily the freshest , best tasting of them all . Highly recommend it .
This place is simply amazing . The team is very professional , knowledgeable , and a pleasure to work with during the leasing process .
Dude at the front was friendly and helpful . Waiting room is nice and clean . Free wifi is available
Love this sushi shop , super friendly and helpful staff . . . the sushi is always fresh and delicious
Love , love , love this place . Great food , great atmosphere . First time trying out Poutine , vegetarian style .
I ordered the Pink Perfection and they were even more beautiful than the picture ! ! My grandmother loved them so much ! Also - super speedy delivery . Thank you Glendale Flowers !
Fun place with a good atmosphere . I liked the chips and salsa and the service was great !
My first time here at nekter juice bar it nice clean and staff was friendly my son loves his pink flamingo drink
Perfect haircuts every time . Seriously , I ' ve never had a bad experience with them .
I would easily argue this is the best Chinese restaurant in the central Illinois area . Food is delicious and has a quality and freshness , that is hard to find in restaurants anywhere nowadays .
Delicious ! Great customer service and everything tastes so good ! The Grilled Chicken Caesar salad is the best that I have had !
Fish Tacos are to die for ! My husband got the Angus Burger , and it ' s probably the best I have ever tasted !
I was very surprised withe the food . I ordered California vacation pizza and it was delicious . Nice customer service and fast delivery thank you eastwest pizzeria .
Great service ! I would definitely schedule another massage next time I ' m in town . Caryn did a wonderful job working out the neck spasm I was having .
Great food . Great space . And not a gluten to be found . Soup of the day is delicate and delicious .
I love the Cannabiotix brand they carry . LOrange and Thin Mint Cookies are my favorite so far ! I ' ll be back soon
Never can wrong with some Nothing Bundt Cake . My favorite one is the Pecan & Praline cake . It ' s very moist cake and the icing is delicious as well .
Love this place . The crepes are so delicious . My favorite so far is the caramel milk tea . Also , great customer service .
Gorgeous bar with a stunning view . Well worth a visit . Staff are delightful & the good super tasty . But not as tasty as the cocktails ! : )
Good customer service , doesn ' t have a issue with price matching from competitors and always have their items in stock . This particular location also is conveniently located in downtown Toronto . !
Amazing selection of beers from around the world , friendly service , great prices . Other than the tiny , weird parking lot , I can ' t think of any complaints .
The happy hour specials are amazing ! We had Mac and cheese , deviled eggs , bruschetta and sliders . My favorite bruschetta was the goat cheese and smoked salmon and best deviled egg was the bacon jam .
So good . This is a must try . I ' ve become a regular . My favorites are the chiliquilles , the BLTA , and the number one thing you have to try , THE PANCAKES
Pick up my medications from here also little things I need . I love my 30 % 20 % coupons and $ 5 rewards . The employees are kind and courteous .
I went in yesterday and the young kids helped me put my hubcaps on my new car snow tires . Very helpful and polite .
Lobster Bisque Was Incredible ! The server was great has been there for 12 years and made us feel at home ! Spinach was phenomenal !
Good food with really friendly employees . It ' s great we get a place like this off strip for the locals .
A place I would not bring a first date to but for sure a second date if she was easy going . Hands down best Greek food on the Danforth . Need I say more ?
Amazing restaurant ! The staff was friendly and the service was wonderful ! Not to mention food that good is hard to find in Arizona ! It will be a weekly stop .
Just plain delicious . Sandwich is just too big . Haha . Always made to order which is what I love . And I appreciate the confidence of the owner about his food .
Best little surprise . Had the small tacos which hit the spot and surprisingly the sushi was damn good . Who knew ! ? The service was solid too .
If you like old medical equipment , goodies in jars , taxidermy and much more . . . need to go ! Great , interesting place , full of stories .
Top notch all the way ! Had a facial by Jesse and cannot wait to go back again for another spa treatment .
The Best pad thai I ' ve ever had ! Lev . 5 spicy & they ' re opened 24 / 7
Ceasar and Erica are the best waiters ever ! ! For real . They went above and beyond to make sure our bachelorette party lunch was a success !
This place is so good ! My husband and I just ate here tonight . There is a nice variety of food and you can get as many toppings as you want !
Being from New York City Chinese good Chinese food is hard to come by out here . This one hit the mark for me . After being here four years the 35 minute driver is worth the food .
The best hands down for all your transmission needs ! We are repeat customers and will always go here first rather than waist our time anywhere else . Super customer service !
I cannot rave about this place enough ! Everyone is super great and friendly , and facility is very clean . My gel mani / pedi is always on point and lasts a long time . Highly recommended !
BBQ Mahi and tavaroo is the way to go ! The honey wasabi is amazing . . The queso is excellent , the tortillas are home made and perfection . . I wish we had one in Raleigh !
It ' s really nice and affordable for its quality . The noodles are of good quality and the environment is great . There ' s a line on weekends , so beware .
One word : Wow . I found my new sandwich shop this place is amazing finally good food .
Scott was my public defender , and I ' m really glad because everything worked out well .
Good cheap food . The sundevil beer Rita was good if you like the sweeter side of a margarita . I would highly recommend the pork tacos .
Love the food here - highly recommend the oxtail noodle soup , chicken noodle soup and the potstickers . . .
Michael was awesome . I haven ' t had a pedicure in four months ! ! ! My feet look and feel amazing .
Great customer service ! The entire staff was so friendly and thorough . I ' m so glad I found a good dentist !
Beach Pizza was sold to a new owner 11 / 15 and was very good prior to that , the new name for this establishment Is called Beach ST Pizza and under new ownership
Great pizza for sure . That is all i ' ve had so far . I am a local and appreciate being able to have this place to eat with the nice and relaxed atmosphere .
This place is awesome . The " what it is " . . . so delicious . I ' m from Cincinnati and we come here at least once any time we are in town .
The service was great and the place was well decorated and very trendy ! ! I love the all you can eat sushi so brilliant ! ! !
Great brunch , the fried chicken and flapjacks are delicious . Service is friendly and quick . We ' re just visiting Toronto and are here twice , loved it !
Excellent . Wonderfully decorated reminds you of the 50s and 60s . Food was great . Val the waitress was superb and the Meatloaf Sandwich hit the spot !
Most amazing customer service along with amazing bakery skills . Lesley always takes the vision I have and exceeds it ! Highly recommend and reasonable prices
Good taste and reasonable price . The size is appropriate . Bubble milk tea is what I like , not too sweet .
Servicew was good and the music added to make it a fun night . Curry goat was my favorite and my wife had the jerk chicken . We will be back
My favorite spot in the city , food service , vibe , Gr8 for a date with my wife , with our children .
loved the vegan options . . the vegan burrito thing was amazing omg . . so impressed . i also got a big glass as a souvenir for drinking the horchata wooo ! !
I really appreciate a company that provides consistent quality service . Klearly Kleaned Pool has been servicing our pool for 7 years . I would highly recommend them .
First time trying Phoenix Palace and the food was very good ! ! Would recommend to everyone !
Don ' t judge a book by it cover or in this case its location ! Absolutely amazing service & food ! Our drink never went empty and the food was great ! A must try !
The red velvet and champagne flavors were wonderful . All the ladies that were working were friendly and really engaging . We ate our cupcakes then ordered more to go .
Love their Lemon Breeze Drink . . Ordered one Chef ' s special salmon for lunch . .
Anthony at the Target Cafe was more than helpful helping me with recommendations on what to select to eat . He was very polite also . Not many young people I come across these days are that polite .
Stopped in because we were close . So glad we did . Excellent service , food was great as were the margaritas ! Won ' t wait so long before going back , next week sounds good !
Just bought a used car . These guys did a complete inspection , , , very thorough . Honest friendly guys . I ' ll be back !
Best Sunday morning breakfast hands down . Fast service and a great family run place . Support your local businesses !
Delicious highly recommend ! ! Great staff super friendly , good people , food is amazing , and prices that cant be beat ! Love the ricotta cheese pizza and there hand made canollis
This is our go to cozy spot . The food is always good and they have great customer service . The restaurant is clean and I like the lighting concept .
This food is amazing will definitely be back for some more . I had the chile Colorado burrito looked so good got right to it and forgot to take a picture .
We love this place ! Food is amazing and fresh . Can be a little pricey depending on what you order
Best Margarita ever ! ! Friendly service , great tacos , burritos and chimichangas . My kids love getting the cheese crisp since it ' s the size of a pizza !
Amazing sushi . Probably the best me and my wife ever tried . Guys are great out there , especially Aron and Randy . Best sushi guys ever . Super friendly . A +
Outstanding meal , pancakes are delicious as well as both omelets . Great service , prompt and thorough .
Best pizza ever . . . Not an expensive price either . Get the original deep crust ! ! ! Great service too .
The best Filipino resto I ' ve been too so far . Excellent service , friendly staff and clean . Good thing I took my auntie ' s advice . Palabok was excellent .
I felt like I was in Montreal , except for the Flames jersey on the wall . The food was good , service was fast considering how busy they were . It ' s a go to spot .
Very Interesting concept , Build your own sushi burrito ingredients are fresh , prices are good , avacado is not extra !
Great place . Ingredients were tasty and our burritos were made to order . The owner was super friendly and welcoming and we will definitely be going back .
Awesome food ! Awesome beer made in house . Great space for March Madness and enjoying the St . Patrick ' s Day scenery : ) very unique menu with delicious southern inspired food .
Food was great and reasonably priced . We had a group of 40 and the staff was super attentive to our needs . Rich the manager was great to work with .
Tim provided a great estimate . . . Excellent service from the crew that came to my home and did the window tinting . . . will use them again . . .
Loved it . Hot sauce on the side ! Yum , Korean ban mi was too die for . Had to order an extra for later .
Good As It Gets when it comes to fry bread , fresh food , friendly staff , I will definitely be going back . Menu is Affordable and the portions are large .
My laundry came back on time and pristine . Great job so glad I found quality cleaners . Would highly recommend and will use again .
Probably my all time favorite restaurant . Best steak ever . Mashed potato trio is amazing . The fries for the table are awesome . Been here 3 times and have yet to be disappointed .
Lachot and Loo are the best dentist practice in the valley . Everyone is very nice and professional . I highly recommend this practice .
Smoothies , Salads , and Sandwiches = the perfect lunch ! Friendly staff and quick service !
Went with my girlfriend . People ( staff ) were the friendliest I ' ve seen in a long time . Great customer service
My crazy boxer looves coming here . . Whenever we go out of town , we don ' t hesitate making an appointment . The staff is super friendly as well : )
chicken chow mien was amazing . . . soo good that i has to save some 4 l8r
Have come here for two years . Very happy with both doctors and Zachary is very friendly and efficient ! Very little waiting and they take my insurance !
Walked in for oil change . No app . Done in 30 minutes . Manager was nice . Got an online special for 19 . 95 .
I highly recommend this place . . . prices are reasonable and they have some fantastic artist !
Nice new gem near the neighborhood . Very fresh , great options , and super busy at lunch !
This is our go to place for Vietnamese food . Cheap prices , friendly service and amazing food . My favorite is the vermicilli with BBQ pork and spring rolls , filling and so tasty .
Thanks to CJ for great service ! Our wheelchair accessible van needed repairs and he was there to pick is up when he said he would - he was totally professional , dependable and very pleasant .
Such a amazing place , the best one I like in Las Vegas . Good dessert and make you feel good ~
Lucy had a great time with the dogs today ! ! ! All dogs there were so friendly . Not one fight . Good to see always : )
I had lunch here and found it to have very reasonable prices . Fresh sashimi . Very good service . This place isn ' t fancy , but it ' s a great value with good service .
The food is great and priced reasonably . I recommend the green curry and the Tom yum soup . Good for all weather .
Had the small plates and everything was delicious ! Short ribs , Mac & cheese & ceviche were my favorites ! Service was awesome ! They had great recommendations & service . Very personable !
The staff here is very friendly and accommodating . They have pristine food , and I love the atmosphere of the place . The price is a little steep , but you get great whole foods for your money
I love Greek food and the Mad Greek did not disappoint . Loved the casual atmosphere , the salad was phenomenal , spanakopita was amazing and the Kebab dinner was exceptional !
Always a great burger and decent service . This location isn ' t as busy as some of them , so it ' s a good place to get a quick bite on the run !
Every time I visit this store I ' m met with the nicest and friendliest staff . They also always tell me what specials they have . Unfortunately it ' s overpriced .
Love the dark oolong tea latte with boba ! I go here almost everyday ever since i discovered the place . Staff is quick , efficient and super nice ! Highly recommend this place
Super nice people , truly care about customer satisfaction . Friendly and do a great job , couldn ' t have asked for a better experience .
2nd time here and service and food has been great . Quality of food is good ! Waiting staff are super friendly and fast . Will definitely be back again .
Great place for some amazing Indian food ! All he dishes we had were great ! This is must if you ' re craving great food !
They did my hair color here and I loved it ! They are super friendly and they always want make sure you are happy with the results
Great place for healthy breakfast ! Good atmosphere and family oriented . The Crêpe is made of bulk wheat which is Gluten free . You won our business .
I eat here regularily because it is consistently good . Very large menu which makes it tough to choose but never disappointed !
Great . Went at an odd time On a Thursday and it was empty and got great service . Food was great and affordable . Would recommend
I got my most favorite haircut ever from Janet . If I still lived in Madison , I ' d be going there forever .
Great Service ! Well maintained clean , organized with a nice ambiance . My breakfast came out fast and was cooked to order & tasted great ! I will be back
Dr Vernon and the whole staff is the BEST ! ! ! I wouldn ' t go anywhere else in town . . . Good luck and more power to everybody ! ? !
I am so happy to see a Lees in AZ . . . for sure will be back for a sandwich and or bread to take home ! Gotta love fresh bread !
We had a great experience here . Great food , knowledgeable staff and comfortable atmosphere . I would definitely recommend if you are searching for a steakhouse dinner in Vegas .
Clean facility , staff was warm and inviting , food was phenomenal . Loved the all you can eat sushi ( tips recommended ) . Very enjoyable experience . Close to home and will definitely be back soon !
Great food and great service . The server , Colin , was very knowledgeable and directed what the best item on the menu was . Don ' t regret it on bit . Amazing service and food
I love this place ! So good ! ! Fresh food , made to order . Nothing taste pre - made . I will definitely be back and definitely recommend this to friends .
Great atmosphere , service , drinks and food ! Highly recommend . Drive - through is an awesome perk as well !
I ' m a huge fan of the whole CLEVNET library system !
Excellent customer service , Marco is very friendly and professional . They offer free drinks and a clean environment while you wait .
Came here with some friends for EDC weekend . Honestly , the best recovery food and excellent quality . Will make it a point to come here every time we visit Vegas .
Me and my daughter went in for a haircut , and had heather cut our hair . We both are very happy with the way she cut our hair . She is a very enjoyable person !
Amazing arancini ! It ' s huge , practically a meal in itself . Crispy and delicious with the tomato sauce .
Absolutely phenomenal food ! Best meals of my life ! ! Great management and the service is outstanding !
An icon in the city ' s art world for good reason . The offerings are tasteful , timeless , and treasures .
Delicious . The camel burger was amazing and their duck fat fries are out of this world .
Seriously amazing shredded beef tacos . I love their dressing and their staff is so lovely and fun
Great food and atmosphere . Very clean and consistently good service even when they ' re busy . Definitely a great place to get some tasty grub .
Incredible food and service . Dom is a gracious host and talented chef . The atmosphere here is cozy and the decor charming . A definite plus on your visit to Montréal
Great food ! Great service ! Definitely 5 stars ! Excellent dining experience . Overall everything was terrific ! Most of all the staff is super friendly and accommodating . Will definitely come back !
I love this place ! Wish I would have tried it sooner , drive past it all the time . Amazing food and reasonable prices .
Fun ambience and delicious food here . The spinach asparagus and leek soup is a favorite for lunch . The salted caramel brownie is to die for !
Love this place ! Their Sammiches & salads are so good . My favorite is The Miss Piggy . It ' s basically basically the Green Goddess with bacon .
First time , felt like stepping back into the late 70s ( in a good way ) . Very classy , food was amazing . . . definatley will go back .
Ugh this place is so good ! My husband and I have been coming here for years ! Everything is so good and even on a keto diet we can find things to drink .
This the best pizza in strongsville . Service is outstanding . Family owned and operated the taste shows the love . I would recommend this establishment to anyone
My son is a current student and loves it . The instructors are incredible and the classes are very informative yet still fun . I highly recommend 9 Dragons .
This place is legit . . . I work downtown and will definitely be coming back . It wasn ' t packed , and service was immediate .
Soooo good . Forget the chains , support local Awesome restaurants
This is one of the best Ethiopian restaurants in Arizona . Service is great . Food is authentic and mango juice is the best .
I love the All American burger chain . They have grass fed all natural Beef burgers . Love the coffee # mccafe . Love the Fries
These guys are awesome . I came in with crazy requests and they handled my funky print job perfectly !
Such an awesome spot around the Capitol ! The food was great , drinks were great , and the service was amazing ! Definitely an awesome place to check out .
I went to my first class yesterday and I love this place ! I ' ll definitely be back again soon ! !
Filet mignon melts in your mouth ! Great service ! Big portions , definitely split it you will have leftovers . The duck fat fries Amazing ! ! ! ! Mac and cheese and broccoli also great !
What a great experience . Nice staff and a great selection . We were assisted in purchasing a vehicle for our new business .
Traveling for business and this place was close . Good food and decent draft selection . Can ' t ask for anything else .
Love the live Irish music and the apps are great . Lots of food for the price . Just wish they added Killian ' s to the beer list .
AMAZING ! These guys and their work ! Very respectful and hardworking people . We love the outcome of our shutter & blinds installment ! Thanks for making our house a HOME !
I love the $ 5 . 25 Tuesday movie days ! ! Great option when your staying at South Point . Kinda small movie theaters . But can ' t beat the Tuesday price .
Foster has great hamburgers especially on Tuesday you can get the junior hamburger for a 1 . 99 and it is very nice size .
Saturday Brunch $ 5 - toast , 2 eggs , hash browns , and bacon or sausage . Cannot beat this deal downtown ! !
This is a unique restaurant , I would like to see this restaurant grow . I enjoyed my food , the sauces for the Oysters are fantastic . Blue crab handroll , is legit .
best freaking restaurant and bar . all the food is amazing . all the drinks are amazing . all the staff are amazing . very knowledgeable too .
This is the best thing ever to come here to Ahwatukee ! ! I absolutely love their moist delicious cake and variety of homemade ice creams . 24 karrot is a must have ! !
Great service , delicious burgers and the best looking girls ( waitresses ) in boulder . Very friendly
I love this location the food is very tasty and hot . The workers are very nice I recommend !
Dont expect fru fru or anything fancy . These girls have personality and they show it . If you have been looking for a fun place to get your hair cut this is the place .
This restaurant is amazing . Service is wonderful , and the food was delicious . The experience of fine dining in a very comfortable atmosphere .
My go - to Pho place in Cleveland ! I just love the food here , for takeout or dine in . They also do delivery through seamless .
Had the chicken caprese sandwich . Amazing ! The bread , mozzarella , tomatoes , and chicken were very fresh .
Always great to have nee business on the west side . Went in and everyone was very helpful . Will be going here for a long time ! ! ! !
Had the Thai peanut salad and it blew me away . Staff was friendly great food for a little cafe .
The work done was above and beyond ! ! My ' baby ' looks brand new again ! Thank you for doing such great work ! ! !
Awesome Boba smoothies . And good food also . Prices are decent . And they have alot of games you can play for free .
Great experience . Great staff . Great prices . Amazing selection of guns .
Absolutely amazing ! ! ! Come in and have your mind and taste buds blown away . Chef John is a culinary genius . # bestinvegas
Fantastic food , great service . Spicy combo is delicious . Something for everyone . Not a fan of sharing food generally , but came as a couple so it was ok . Highly recommended .
Delicious ! Gotten 3 times now ! The curry is great . The Pineapple fried rice is delectable ! Oh did I mention it ' s always 4am when I order takeout from here . . .
Very courteous , efficient and knowledgeable services . They offer a plan to help defray future plumbing expenses that is quite affordable . Technician was very efficient and friendly .
Real New York style Chinese Food . There Egg Rolls are awesome . Real fast service . Extremely tasty food .
I love this little café , quiet , good espresso and good baked goods . It is a shame it is not busier because it is much better than your typical coffee shop offering .
I always order the Sunrise with a cheddar bagel , egg , bacon and jalapeno cream cheese . So good ! ! ! !
Very delicious burgers . This felt like a nice little hidden gem out in Gilbert . Beautiful location .
Found this place on Yelp and the reviews didnt disappoint . The masseuse is awesome . I would definitely come back !
Great place to catch the game . Bar staff are incredibly funny and attentive . Would recommend this place to anyone .
Great food and service . Tends to be popular and reservations aren ' t accepted so it can be a wait to get in but , once seated , it ' s very , very good .
I ' ve been working with them for 5 + years . Nothing but positive things to say . They are prompt and efficient and always friendly on the phone . Thank you
Good beef noodle place . Szechuan style . Priced reasonably . Fast service . Will be back for sure !
Great place to eat great customer service . Tori is the best go see her . It ' s my new place
Damn . Short story even shorter : Pad Thai is great , brochettes are aight , and Imperial Rolls are fine . Doo it .
Love this place we have been eating here for a few years and can ' t beat the combo for football sundays .
Best carne asada street tacos ever . Also , best ever green or red sauce on their enchiladas you have ever tasted . Long live Los Taquitos ! ! ! !
One word , AMAZING ! ! Portions were huge , servers were great and attentive , and everything tasted great ! The price vs value was perfect ! I will definitely be returning !
I ' ll drive across town just for a soynami Don ' t forget to grab one of their gluten free cheesecakes while you ' re there too ! Great service and the best deserts !
We love Woof Gang Bakery treats ! ! ! Best treats and welcoming staff in town , great locations !
Rick is excellent . Extremely accommodating and the service is really helping our outside space . So happy to have found him .
Waiting for my pizza and just had to make a quick note . Staff here are so lovely . You can tell they truly care about your experience .
Very welcoming and friendly staff , went out of their way to brighten up my day . And the food was right on par with Chipotle ' s standards .
The staff is updated and great . Like I said before I love this doctor ! Things have been wonderful the last few months .
One of my favs Gelato . Mango Rasberry Limone Basil on a hot early evening before dinner . Flower is so pretty ! ! ! ! ! !
Was really good . Food and service . Worth the wait . Waiter . Willie great . Great experience
Fresh , crispy , hot and good ! Great prices ! 2 piece wing and breast with fries under $ 5 !
Cut # 2 with Brian . . . Still awesome ! Got a lip and brow wax too which was nice . . . Thinking facial next time ! Try Brian you ' ll not regret it !
Friendly , polite , knowledgeable , and fast service . Highly recommend ! iPhone6 Plus screen repair was $ 129 . 99 .
Absolutely fantastic . It ' s like the Jimmy Johns of Chinese food ! ! ! Always so quick , fresh and delicious ! ! ! Great spot .
Had the Rania gyro . . . it was amazing ! Love the condiments / sauces , too ! This will soon be one of my favorite go to places , I can see it already !
Literally the best sandwiches in AZ . Hands Down . Bring on more locations in the Valley . You guys are nailing it .
So awesome ! Yummy latte and awesome vegan sandwich before a huge work day . Definitely check this place out -
The food is great . . . very fresh , fast , and reasonably priced . Not much ambiance , but a clean friendly place with excellent food with awesome flavor .
Went into Bevy and Sarah was so helpful very kind and attentive attentive ! Thank you Sarah : )
This restaurant has great sandwiches and salads and the owners are awesome ! The customer service is always above and beyond . This place is a great addition to downtown Mesa .
Awesome gyro . The owner was so nice . He let me bring ice cream from Mitchell ' s next door and made me a dessert with it and baklava .
Great food and service . It was exactly what I expected . We enjoy the Beverly Hills location and wanted to enjoy the same in Vegas . The food was great and service was flawless !
Very friendly owners . Nice to have more clean , simple and healthy food options ! ! The classic falafel sandwich was delicious and so was the vegan chili . Check em out !
One of the best breakfast places in Vaughan . Always busy but always manage to find a seat . Food is well prepared and reasonably priced . Worth a few visits a month .
This was a dream ! The staff was very sweet and informative ! I love Morphe products ! I just need an Atlanta store‼
Nice people and great food ! Hope they deliver to Woodbury development soon ! So I don ' t have to cook for just one little Sicilian !
This place is awesome . Great food . Great service ! My new fav spot . Make sure to try the cannoli ' s .
Great service and the carpet has never looked better . I have used this company multiple times and I always have a great experience .
Excellent fine tasting and savory great food . Good service and outstanding authentic Mexican food . The rice and beans are seasoned and served to perfection . One of my favorite Mexican restaurants of all time .
Had the pork saltimbocca that was just amazing and the wings for appetizer . Chef saywer knows exactly how to balance each dish to perfection
Great food and service ! I ' m in love with their chicken skewers : - p
Our experience was great and the food was fantastic ! I highly recommend this restaurant .
Great tasty gyro , sauce and fries . No meal deals available . Clean areas and very friendly staff ! Ice teas are very good quality also
I just had a wonderful gel / mani from nail tech Valerie ! It was my first time there and I ' m definitely going back ! Love my nails ! Melissa
Best street taco ! Family owned and super friendly .
First time here ! Great vibe and the food was delicious . We devoured 5 rolls , two orders of potstickers and coconut shrimp . Great prices and friendly service in a convenient location .
Had a pedicure and foot massage A + . Not your typical Asian salon , this place was clean and quiet . I will be coming back !
Im in love with Krispy kreme donuts ! Yummy . . Whitney was my server . She was so friendly and nice . I ' ll be coming back
The food at Bar Louie is surprisingly VERY good . the atmosphere is amazing and all the staff is amazing . My server , Miranda , was especially exceptional Would come here again 10 / 10
This place is the best great prices & super friendly ! The girl you need to go to is Nari she is there main girl don ' t go to anyone else ! ! We just love her
Just a great bar ! Good prices on beer and the food isn ' t too bad either . Service is always quick Great place to watch a game
Great breakfast place inside and outside seating with nice views ! Tasty food . Fast service , even if busy !
Best place ever ! The product is amazing and the is friendly , knowledgable , and made me feel welcome .
It ' s ALWAYS GOOD ! ! ! APRIL takes great care of us , great service ! Thanks !
My go - to spot for warm vietnamese treatment in Toronto . The vermiccelli fix for lunch , in any combination , is simply UNBEATABLE .
The only ice cream shop in uptown ? That will get you 3 stars . But spicy chocolate ice cream ? Amazing . The prices are outrageously low for the quality . This place is an gem .
The food from this place is " holy crap this is awesome ! " . Authentic and legit Chinese food you can get in Phoenix . Definitely going back !
We come to Suliko at least once a week ! The lunch special price is unbeatable ! the portions are very generous and the food feels very home made . Great bang for your buck !
Just checked this place out tonight . The food was amazing ! Def get the fry plate . People were really nice and took time to make sure we were happy .
Great old - school donut shop with delicious donuts . The even still tie up the boxes .
Nachos were good . Got the Nachos Grande and it was huge enough to feed 3 people . Nice salsa bar also with lots of choices . Staff was very friendly !
amazing coffee , amazing goodies now that Danielle is over there from The Sweat Pea . It ' s a must when I am out in AZ from Jersey . . .
Creative Nsils is definitely the place to go for manicures and pedicures . Tammy and her group really do a great job . The salon is always clean and the staff is always friendly .
I had a great experience with the doctor and the staff are very friendly and I will definitely recommend this to my family and friends
Super delicious food & great service . Definitely a go to place for mexican food ! Mole is at least as good here as it is in Oxacha Mexico !
I ' m pretty sure they saved me $ 1000 and did excellent work . I drive rideshare and I recommend these guys !
Got a grande iced green tea latte and a macadamia nut cookie today . Even though it was really busy , the employees were very pleasant which made the wait worth it . Great customer service !
Had a great dinner again in the bar . Great atmosphere , football games on and music at perfect level for conversation . Drinks , food , and service were outstanding . Looking forward to our next visit .
The best fruit bowls I ever had everything is fresh . and the hAve a good deal on the buy one get one 1 / 2 off . . icome here all The time for ice cream super good
This is the best Korean BBQ ever : ) Especially Galbi is the top quality and has same taste with the restaurants in Korea . I strongly recommend this restaurant and EXO is very kind serving person
Food was excellent Band Terry Wayne Project was exceptional . Played mix of everything . Not too crowded dance floor .
I am so happy that I found a place that sells Mexican snacks and is close to home ! The place is clean and the workers are very kind .
The food is sooo good ! I ' ve been here tons of times . The tacos , chimichanga , Nutella desert and so many other dishes are amazing !
This is probably one of my favorite Korean Steak House , still really NEW ! Service is great and food is great ! ! We will definitely recommend to our friends & family ' s ! !
Alyson is my friend . Place is awesome definitely coming back ! Great service and an awesome vibe !
Desert Wireless was awesome ! They were the cheapest , fastest , iphone screen repair in the city ! They were also very nice . I would definitey go back ; )
Great Pho great price great service ! Very accommodating to my vegetarian request . Veggie Pho and Veggie Salad rolls were excellent .
Went through the drive thru on 10 / 16 / 14 and the man taking my order sang a little song to me good voice friendly service !
The food is amazing ! I ordered the 21 shrimp with fries and it was fresh ! The people are also friendly ! ! ! I will be back !
Best airport food by far ! Awesome service and friendly . Definitely would eat there again !
Lot ' s of good food for the money . A little hard to find . Behind Nevada Nat ' l Bank and worth the search
Best oat milk latte I ' ve ever had ! ! ! ! ! Traveling from jersey and there was nothing like it .
They ' re a bit spendy compared to your average coffee joint , but you ' re definitely paying for the quality . Best cup of coffee I ' ve had in the Phoenix Metro Area .
Server " Nikki " provided outstanding service . It ' s nice to fine quality professional like Nikki . Great food great coffee . German pancake heaven .
Delicious food . Wonderful customer service . Took my family to eat dinner . Their coleslaw was delicious !
Best happy hour in town . 30 items $ 5 and under . Phili roll is the best I ' ve ever had ! ! !
Great authentic Italian pizza , better to order ahead of time , can be kind of slow in there .
I always get the local plate . The staff is super friendly , and the food is always great !
Great fry bread ! The ladies at the counter were very nice . Wish it was closer so I could check out more from the menu but I will be back when near the area .
I was really pleased to have work done here . I looked sharp at my wedding thanks to this tailor . He has excellent customer service . I highly recommend and trust the reviews of his business .
Great service you provide ! We were in Vegas 3 / 28 weekend and had a great time and saved tons if $ $ and time with your Guest list ! Moon and Ghostbar were awesome inside Palms !
Everything was incredible ! ! Food , drinks , music , atmosphere , service . Can ' t go wrong with the pork belly and watermelon tacos .
the service is amazing ! The gelato is super good and the flower cones are too cute ! The prices are great for vegas .
Great employees . Great service . Fantastic car wash each time everybody is so friendly . We love this car wash ! ! ! ! !
So glad this place paired with uber eats or I would have never found it my new favorite Thai place !
Always great service and friendly . Cheapest gas in the neighborhood right now . Always a good car wash .
Raja did a great job and fixed my Galaxy S5 charging port . Sprint told me I needed a new phone , but this place fixed it and it ' s like new ! ! Thank you !
Loved it for lunch . Had the picnic kabobs and they were great . Also loved the happy hour special for a pitcher of beer for $ 5 .
Just had onion rings and amazing drunkin shrimp . Ryan our waiter was awesome . We will come back again just to see Ryan and have great food . Thank you !
Had the vegan dog , it was pretty dang good ! The owner was super nice , and the place was clean .
You have to try the chopped steak salad . Is truly to die for . Nothing like it anywhere else on the planet .
The food is tastey and affordable . The atmosphere is friendly . I promise you will be satisfied . A hidden gem .
I had the very best shellac manicure and pedicure with Jessica ! She is ultimate professional and so detailed . Thank you for a wonderful experience !
Great Pawn shop ! Something for everyone at this shop ! Great customer service too ! Amazing place !
Loved it ! The asada and pastor was on point ! Tortillas were fresh and authentic . Salsas were great ! I also had a Kissi roll and that was bomb ! I will be back !
My favorite place outside of Vegas . Perfectly ripe for bouldering .
Great food , great dessert , great atmosphere ! Never disappoints . Very fun in the summer as you can sit outside along east 4th .
Love , love , loveeee Cherry Lash Lounge ! ! Won ' t go anywhere else . Gypsie is my go to girl . She has a great personality and does a great job on my lashes : )
My first sopa ever . Yummy . and the menudo was perfect too . Casual , no fuss place . Its legit .
Curb service ! All the waiters run to and from your cars ! I love the banana and hot fudge shake ! The cheeseburgers are the bomb ! They have something for everyone here !
A beautiful restaurant with a great view . The steaks were awesome . Loved the tater tots . Our waiter , Bill , was wonderful .
We had brunch here and Loved It ! I would highly recommend you try this place . Our server , Tiffany , was great . We really enjoyed The Greenhouse Tavern .
A very nice shopping mall . The food court options are lacking but it is otherwise very well kept .
This is the best buffet for the price . Food is great and the variety is endless . Sushi , crabs legs , chicken wings , egg flower soup , dessert . All for $ 14 . 99 .
Friendly service well - organized food is great manager owner or very nice , price is fair amount of food that you receive is good very good place I would recommend this to anybody
Lunch special is a great deal 2 slices and a soda . 5 . 95 Make sure you try the qweens hoggie
Everyone who worked there was professional and friendly unlike many other places . Great service . Highly recommend .
Christian was very professional and helpful with my case . He was honest from the beginning in advising me to pursue the case with a previous employer and I would recommend him to anyone with work related issues .
Great service and amazing food ! Great tasting coffee I highly recommend this place . Cozy cafe , our avocado toast tasted amazing .
Probably my favorite place for brunch in the north Phoenix area . Organic , heathy and highly addictive sweet potato tots . Their lunch menu is great too . Try the house made veggie burger !
Fast friendly employees good experience since I was coming in for a free iced coffee , other reviews weren ' t favorable . I had a fine experience .
Great place for takeout , very large portions and great service . This is one of my favourite takeout spots and I would highly recommend it to anyone .
Very good food and amazing sushi . Friendly service and a great selection . And a price that can ' t be beat . I highly recommend this is my new go to Asian Buffett .
Everything is amazing . Favorite is the pork ramen . . Great for dinner . Happy hour is the perfect way to try different stuff .
Excellent food and service ! The meat ravioli was great ! Tomato sauce was flavorful . Can ' t wait to go back .
Great food with original and fresh ingredients . Cosy atmosphere . Probably the best service in Calgary .
Nice outside atmosphere . Yo can eat outside or inside . We had the teriyaki turkey burger and fries . It was very good ! Prices reasonable .
Great selection of baked goods and also lots of amazing items from Italy and Europe . They have a small cafe with few seats . A great place to check out .
Southwest Egg rolls and Fish tacos . Mmmmmmmmm . Ohh and the AMAZING Brews !
Awesome ! ! 5 star workout and instructors . Very welcoming environment . The owner is super friendly and helpful . Extremely good workout with great calorie burn and results . Go today !
Great auto shop ! I brought in my truck after another shop failed to fix an oil leak . Service was excellent , and communication was great . I will now use these guys exclusively .
Amazing and inventive takes on classic pub food + great music . This place won me over from the first visit . The décor is warm and inviting , the staff are gracious and friendly .
Best wings I ' ve ever had . Super busy but worth the wait ! They ran out of ice but quickly got more !
Andrea did a great job grooming my cat . Everyone there was very friendly and listened to all of my concerns . Highly recommend this business
It was a perfect breakfast . I ordered the eggs Murgatroid and my husband ordered the huevos rancheros . We thought it was absolutely delicious ! We would definitely return .
My friend got a cake as a wedding cake last month , it was so beautiful and sweet . So I came here to have a try . Highly recommend !
THE . MOCHAS . ARE . DELICIOUS . Stopped by to get some work done and it was lovely to be in a warm space with warm staff that was quite and served delicious mochas .
Everyone is always friendly here ! Definitely appreciate being acknowledged the moment I drive up !
I had some work done there about . . . . 10 years ago . Still holding up great . Couldn ' t be happier !
Went in to see about possible infection . The staff was very friendly , professional and made you feel comfortable . PA Diane was extremely helpful , caring and thorough . Would go there again without hesitation !
Amazing place ! ! Visiting from PNW and wish they have in Seattle too ! ! Service was fantastic food was tasty .
Quite simply the best burrito in town . Fresh and tasty ingredients . Great service and right next to a park for some summer sun ! Love it ! Open more locations please !
Beautiful inside , great service , and all of the food we ordered was amazing . Best food we had in Montreal hands down .
This place was fantastic . The nigiri was so good we didn ' t order any rolls . Desert was included and mochi was a delightful finish to a great meal .
Amazing ! ! Fast and friendly service , food incredible . Clean facility . Highly recommend ! !
Ate the ahi tuna burger , wellllllll worth it . By far the best fish burger I ever had ! Very pleased : )
Simply Delicious ! I got the Mother Earth bowl with the salmon it was so flavorful and perfectly seasoned . Cannot wait to go back !
Amazing vibe and decor . Loved the food and service . Try the quesadilla me tacos . So fresh and filling .
Lovely staff served fresh homemade pastries and breakfast panini . We returned the next morning ! ! ! !
The most delicious and healthy food in town ! I used this company to feed members at our meeting . Everybody just raved about the food . Great eat in , takeout and catering ! !
Lived in Korea twice for one year each time , first authentic eatery in the US - - and i searched in many places !
Highly recommended , from the first day to closing everything went flawless . Vegas capitol and mike do a great job in finding you the dream home you always wanted . Very honest guy ! Thank you mike !
this hotel is really clean beautiful marble bathroom . plush bed nice room . i really like the smoke free hotel didnt like other hotels that stink bad of smoke .
Incredible food to say the least . This is my first time here and what makes it a home run for me is the atmosphere . It ' s a different type of Vietnamese restaurants .
This place is simply amazing ! The good is so good , priced fairly and it all tastes so fresh !
Was incredibly busy , still able to get my series 3 Apple Watch and was out in less than 30 minutes . Employees were very helpful .
This place is my favorite for takeout ! Somehow affordable and delicious . I always get the hibachi meals . Comes with vegetables and rice and yum yum sauce , so really the whole Japanese experience to go
The corned beef hash and the Bellini were delicious and the service was quick and courteous .
Love this place ! ! ! The sangrias are amazing ! ! ! I can never decide which one of the wood oven pizzas i want ! ! !
We really enjoyed our visit . We don ' t live in the area but when we are in town we like to visit . Good selection of coffees , pastries and deserts . I highly recommend it .
Love it here . I guys that work here make it better than the girls . The girls are usually in conversation with each other more than not . The guys do their jobs .
Cordero gave us great service and he was so nice and knew a lot about the menu ! ! And he gave us to go waters for this heat ! And the foods great !
Love the food and Staff . Spring rolls , great broths and good portions . They need to get a website with the menu . hunting through the photos for the menu is a pain .
The avocado club sandwich was quite tasty . Staff was friendly and courteous . Can ' t think of anything that could make it better !
Very simply one of the best breakfast joins . Generous portions at a reasonable price .
Really amazing steak and truffled mashed potatoes . One of the best steakhouses I have been to . The view of the fountains gave the 5th star .
Need help fast . Lot of pain . Needed ROOT CANAL . Called , in that afternoon . DONE IN SAME DAY . Thank you Shadow Mountain
Upon first arrival we noticed Brooklyn and her magnificent hair ! Our server Michael was handsome and polite . We started off with the caso dip and chips . SO very delicious .
Great good , great atmosphere . As close as you can get to San Francisco ! Give it a try !
In town for a conference , stopped in for a quick espresso . Solid place to chat or to Study , plenty of seating , good environment . And the espresso isn ' t bad either .
Great experience ! They got us right in for gel mani / pedis and were very accommodating and kind ! When I am in Vegas again I will go back ! !
Great meal . Recommend the tasting menu . Clams were a standout . 40 day aged steak very good . Walleye cooked perfectly .
Went here for my birthday ! Was probably the best spaghetti I have ever had . The sauce was perfect ! I could of eaten it everyday for the rest of my life !
Ordered some accessories for my Range Rover Sport the other day and got them put on yesterday . A + service the whole time ! ! !
I been to most barbershops but this is far the best in Vegas . Ask for dre and he will give you the haircut that will have everyone asking who cut your hair .
I have been going to Cherry for 2 years faithfully with no problems . Ive seen only master artists . Ayshia , Rachel , Alyssa and Vanessa . They are all amazing ! !
Ron is very skilled and knowledgable . I have been to many different community acupuncture locations but this is a great one !
We ate there last nite . I had the Philly , which was delicious . GF had fish and fries , also very good . Service was fine . We will be back .
Their food is delicious and their staff are super friendly . Ask for their fresh " Tahdig " if they have any . I like their cuisines more .
The staff is always amazing very friendly the place is clean always willing to go above and beyond Kyley , Mr Ty , Carrie , and Adam
Best tea in town , love the freshly brew boba tea with tasty crepes , all the staff is super friendly and my drink was prepared fast and to perfection , will definitely come back again
Great new spot . I ' ve tried just about everything on the menu without any disappointments . The Thai Steak Salad is one of my favorites !
Ordered takeout . Service was great . Got curry pad Thai and red curry . Both were delicious . Would definitely order again from here !
Great happy hour . Great food . Great service from Rihanna a wonderful young blond girl that didn ' t want her name on yelp . Highly recommended .
Best place I ' ve ever been to . Staff is very friendly , clean & fun ! ! - my son & daughter love coming here . Definitely recommend it !
This place kicks butt ( and I ' m not referring to the inevitable reaction you get the next day after eating the spicy dishes )
One of the best Pho places in Vegas ! ! The only one my husband will have ! He gets the pho with beef balls and rare beef and I just like the rare beef .
Great customer service and good price . Clean and friendly environment . Nice products and most importantly don ' t have expired goods like any other Indian grocery stores .
I eat here every time I come to Las Vegas . The food is great , the portions are large and the staff very friendly . It is good for breakfast lunch and dinner
A little wait . The place was packed . The food was awseome and the service was rather quick . Price is right . Definitely will return .
Pure perfection ! ! I loved everything ! ! Steamed egg was my favorite ! Love the mung bean soup - really balances out the hot soup ! ! I will be back ! !
Always come here for the good food and friendly staff . Get the Ultimate bagel sandwich with crispy bacon . Non nom nom nom
Alexis is so gifted on she was right on point with my reading ! very grateful to have found her
A must to visit in Las Vegas ! Nice ambience and decoration . Super service and variety of drinks and desserts ! You also get a chance to wear Korean National clothes . Very unique !
I ' m here at least twice a week , only order one thing . . . . . pho ! Best in the west fasho !
DJ Thomas ( aka DJ ) was an engaging and entertaining server . Food was remarkable . Live entertainment is fun . A must for all .
The service here is amazing ! Everyone ' s super friendly . Lots of cool merch , mostly local . Also really fun First Friday hangout !
This place is awesome , wide selection and you can always count on their fair prices . Renovation were well done with stocks and selections . Worth a drive there !
Great atmosphere for the sports enthusiast ! Ask for Marc he has a awesome personality and does a superb job cutting hair !
A winner , though pricey . Italian wines , friendly faces ( customers AND waitstaff ) and phenomenal food ! Not to be confused with Guiseppesin Scottsdale .
I really enjoyed my anesthetist . She was friendly , and outgoing I felt like I was talking to a friend . I ' m also very happy with the procedure .
Service from this Enterprise office has been prompt , friendly , accurate and professional . The rates are competitive and affordable . Special requests were handled without a hitch .
I love their Pulled pork heaven sandwich . Also just had their roasted chicken with 2 sides and it was delicious . I will be back , especially since they are less than a block away
I brought my male rottweiler here they were amazing , friendly , and delivered the results in such a kind way .
Funny . Much better than expected . The price is amazing . Probably will go back again .
My favorite spot . . . . . only complaint is I live so far away from it . . . . I would eat here everyday . . . EXTRA CRISPY ! ! !
I always go to anna for my haircuts ! If your looking for a good fade with the right clippers ! She keeps her fades tight and clean !
Tim is the BEST ! Extremely patient and knowledgeable . . . a rarity in this town in the retail business . I implore Puma execs to recognize and reward such an extraordinary employee !
The food was really and the beef was good quality . Our server nana and jayden were super welcoming !
If your there as someone who just want to shoot it fun . I got into a conversion after my shooting was done . They are super knowledgeable people and really nice . Cricket was great
Love the atmosphere and has a great happy hour . Does get pretty crowded fast especially during peak hrs . Nice to throw some back and blackout .
There is nothing I could possibly say that express my lust for Bouchon . I want to make love to him everyday .
Yum ! Tried this place tonight while staying at the hotel nearby . Try the spinach rice and Cornish hen . . . yum ! Love the green sauce it all comes with .
All your home brewing or commercial coffee house needs in one place . Their espresso blend is wonderful !
Lovely couple and delicious gluten free desserts ! It ' s so nice to see this business doing well . Recommended whether you ' re gluten intolerant or not !
The food was delicious , great taste and good portions . Michelle , our server was phenomenal she was attentive to everything we needed , and made sure we always taken care of .
One word Delicious ! ! They have every flavor imaginable , great for Dessert Parties ! Housewives of Cleveland gives them 5 stars !
Vegan or not , you ' ll love the feel of this hidden Tempe gem ! Awesome customer service and a new menu daily !
Such yummy sushi and great staff ! All you can eat at a decent price . We always come here when visiting Vegas !
Great atmosphere , servers were very attentive . We went on Taco Tuesday and loved the different options !
Beautiful cafe inside the Aria hotel . We went there couple of times . Delicious buckwheat crepes . We had one with salmon and one apple pecan . Soo delicious . Good coffee . Amazing macaroons and pastries .
What a wonderful cafeteria . French make French pastries . Very friendly and welcoming .
Love this place ! ! I have been going there since I moved to the neighborhood about 10 years ago . They have the best Hawaiian shaved ice in AZ .
Rich the server is fantastic , anything he suggests is delicious and the value for the money is great .
It ' s one the hidden gems in the King East . Good spot to hang out with friends over a coffee .
Still my favorite place in town . I just cannot eat enough of the pork tacos . Inca salad is fantastic . Recently fell in love with the chicken soup . It just a solid spot .
Years of consistently great food and professional service - a go to spot for all occasions
The maple bacon ice cream was phenomenal and the pizza fries were delicious . Will be making return trip !
Cup of Humor kills . One of the best nights out in Indian Trail . The staff at Madisons is very accommodating and service is quick .
Great food , great service and terrific bar staff . No reason to go anywhere else in Oakmont
I was in need of some quick wiring needs . They were able to get me right away . Great job guys thanks much .
Mark provided quick , quality service when we needed a broken window replaced . He is a consummate professional . I will not heistate to use his services again or recommend him to others . Thanks Mark !
Hands down the best bakery around ! There cakes are so moist with just the right amount of sweetness and there frosting is to die for .
Love Cafe Zupas ! My sister got me hooked , their salads are so yummy ! I always recommend we go there for our lunches with our office .
Very accommodating , Great prices & spectacular food . Hands down , the best pepperoni / cheese bread in Ohio , and it ' s only $ 3 . 50 . Great " mom & pop " feel .
Presentation was immaculate . It was truly a magical experience that will not be forgotten . The dining room was breathtaking , the food was incredible . So so worth your penny and time .
Had a wonderful get away weekend there this past weekend . Terrific staff , excellent service , beautiful room and our meals at Urban Farmer were fantastic .
Super cute place for breakfast . Service is great ! The food is great ! Chia pudding was good .
So good . . . and the family really makes you feel welcome . The food is consistanly delicious . Alice makes all feel welcome . The baklava is outstanding
Took the wife and kids there for brunch . , Service was amazing we spent no time waiting the food was absolutely in saying I had of the original Mexican breakfast , supreme attention to detail
We had our sewing machine repaired here recently and it now works better then new ! ! Excellent service at a reasonable price ! !
The new Sugar Shack , with Todd and Trish at the helm , is a wonderful neighborhood tap . We love it . Everybody knows your name there . The drink prices are great .
easygoing cheap tasty good service this is my kind of restaurant ! yummy bibimbop !
Freshly squeezed orange juice is a must every time I come here ! The house breakfast sandwich is very good !
I highly recommend Excellnt Blinds and shutters . I ordered a plantation shutter and it came out great . The quality of the shutter is top notch . And there customer service is friendly the onwer is fantastic。
Its been our favorite place to have lunch or dinner with family and friends , service is not bad , food is awesome
Best donuts I ' ve ever had . Seriously had them three weekends in a row . Consitent . Delicious . Perfect donuts . I dream about these and the next time I can have one .
The food here is amazing ! I love that you ' re not overloaded with decisions as there are only a dozen or so types of sandwiches , but they are very good choices .
Awsome atmosphere ! Made me want to get a tattoo . Nice young crowd with friendly service and delish guac ! Good food and music make for a good dinner out with a few friends !
Loved it ! ! ! ! ! The cake was so moist and the icing was perfect , not to mention the workers were amazing and nice , just like there cakes ! !
LOVE this place . Food is always good , service is always good , and the Roadhouse Cherry Limeade is ALWAYS good . Easy for datenight of for family night with a rambunctious 4 year old .
We have enjoyed mixteca on several occasions . There is a bit of a line , but it is always worth the wait . Salsa bar and chips are awesome and I absolutely love their beef tacos .
ACE is my go - to for my morning coffee . Can ' t beat $ 1 coffee before 9am on weekdays ! The breakfast is delicious as well !
C ' est délicieux ce restaurant , si vous aimer les dim sum , ils sont super bons .
atmosphere is fantastic ! food is to die for . margaritas pure deliciousness !
My favorite store ! ! ! Yes it ' s pricey but clothes are super cute and unique and good quality ! Best store ever ! ! !
Awesome margaritas . Awesome food . Great service . Make a reservation .
The Desserts here are phenomenal . Captain Jack if you love chocolate or my personal favorite Jacks Nutty Brother for all the peanut butter fans . Yummy .
Definitely come back again ! Everyone is nice ! I will come again ! Good experience ! Wish I had more time ! After a long week of walking down the strip !
Excellent service ! The whole team is well prepared ! They care About details And show a professonalism . I would sugest this service for sure !
Best service department ever . Richard ' s attention and follow up by far exceeds any expectations . Don ' t service anywhere else ! !
Best Mediterranean food in vegas ! And great service ! You have to get the kabob meal combo with the rice so good
Best middle eastern food I ' ve had outside of the Middle East . So delicious , cheap , huge portions . Awesome little market of middle eastern goods attached . Highly recommended .
This place is wonderful they saved me when I need to get my nails don ' t less then 45min . It was great !
Me and my bf and friend go went to job corps right down the street we had carne asada burrito with everything almost 3 days a week . They are only five bucks plus 2 for a soda
I love their lunch buffet . Friendly service . Quiet atmosphere . Perfect lunch get away .
This pizza is really good ! ! If you think otherwise then forget u . This is NY style pizza at its finest ! !
We had a great experience today and wanted to let everyone know that Mike ( sales assoc . ) was informed and super helpful . Great team member .
Jill is an amazing massage therapist . She truly cares about her clients , and knows how to get in deep so that your body can heal itself . The best massage therapist I have ever been to .
Relaxed atmosphere with great service , this place has an original menu that has something for everyone . We especially recommend there homemade Churros - an amazing desert !
Awesome communication - - awesome service . I needed my roof repaired and I am very satisfied with the service by The Roof Doctor . Thank you very much and I definitely recommend The Roof Doctor .
Simply awesome , can ' t go wrong . Custom pizza Bread sticks Jalapeño poppers Chocolate cake
High life light please . always a good time at the beaver
Korean bbq like I was visiting Korea . Fun times . Only wished that it was more ventilated .
Bonnie . . . . this biotch . . . . she ' s great ! ! totally brings the party ! ! ! Would 1747473 % recommend ! ! !
Amanda , bartender extraordinaire ! Old School Whiskey Sour ! Delish ! Never fails to impress !
This is by far the best Indian food I ' ve ever had ! 10 / 10 will be coming back and be ordering from them . I recommend getting the dal ! Found under Vegetarian ! !
This place is simply amazing ! The good is so good , priced fairly and it all tastes so fresh !
All I ' ve ever eaten here is the General Tso chicken . I don ' t think there needs to be anything else on the menu .
Very relaxing and spotless ! Security is tight and accommodating . Large rooms and the pool was spotless even with all the people .
Our waitress Christie , the prompt service and the well - prepared food . . . Definitely deserves the 5 stars ! I will see you soon ! Thank you BRAND Steakhouse ! ! !
I absolutely love this place I ' ve been to coming since I was a little girl , the outside looks kind of iffy , but the food is to die for really good .
Outstanding customer service . The service department handled our recall in record time with absolutely no issues . I will be back . Many thanks ! !
I wanted to give a review again because I am always happy when I go here , Nancy and Ivy do wonderful work ! !
I am so pleased and impressed with the job Charlie ' s Maids did . They were very professional and I trusted them in my home . I will definitely be using Charlie ' s Maids more often .
Loved this place . The cafe latte with a double shot went exceptionally well with their Belgium Panini . Their pastries are made on site and are match perfectly either the selection of teas .
Much better service and more to choose from than your big box store .
Absolutely beautiful ! Love the ambience and the service here is impeccable . Coffee and tea are very uniquely flavored and I would come back again .
This place is amazing ! The food is delicious and the service and staff are incredible ! My wedding was a huge hit and everyone was very pleased with everything !
Great food , friendly service , food was prepared quickly , clean environment , lots of seating inside & outside - definitely recommend !
Great food and reasonable prices . They also deliver fast and are very friendly . I highly recommend it to all in ballentyne . We have ordered from Chef Kwo a couple of times and love it !
Ordered through grub hub and received my food very fresh and hot . The lentil soup was amazing . Will order again Thank you ! !
Love love love . This is a very towny place to go , its been around forever . Their food is great , and you can ' t beat the price .
Thirsty Beavers . Tall Boys . Good Times .
I got the Rose Island and it tasted fantastic , I loved that it had rose petals in the drink . They also have great costumer service .
Good pizza and nice staff . They are very sweet with out kids and really nice about things like us bringing a way old restaurant dot com .
Stopped by on our way back to California . Had the three cheese frittata breakfast and it was Delicious ! The home fries were perfectly baked and seasoned . We will definitely be back !
Shop owner Aaron Neiman is an amazing tattoo artist ! ! You ' ll get great work here without a doubt ! !
We went as a large group on New Year ' s Eve . The food was good . Our cook was excellent . We had a great time for a fair price .
Who doesn ' t love Tommy ' s ! This place is the best . The chili burger is awesome . I eat here at least once a month . Love it .
Ray Sosa was an excellent man to help me purchase my new Jeep . Time well spent . He was straight up and no bullshit . No cons or tactics to get me to buy . Great experience .
Wonderful small family business ! Darlene was very helpful , friendly and patient while I took my time deciding what to buy my mom for her birthday .
Incredible dinner ! The steak was amazing . Make reservations and skip the mashed potatoes . Order a martini . Leave room for dessert !
I requested a quote in the morning , Peter showed up and within 20 minutes , it was like it never happened . Definitely recommend Anthem .
The service was great the waitresses were so knowledgeable about the food ! Everything I ordered was super awesome including the desserts and drinks I will definitely be back !
Boys had a ball . Nice place . Very clean . Lexi was very helpful at the front desk . Awesome place
We are very pleased with the job JT and Albert from Fresh Coat did on our stucco ! Prompt service and very thorough ! We highly recommend Fresh Coat for all of your painting needs ! Thanks guys !
Good baby Jesus , the best sammies , and you can freely enjoy them while drinking at The Ole Angle . Try the Clevelander , you WILL thank me !
Great Gyros & baklava authentic Indian market as well . Hidden Gem here , great place for lunch , cheap prices to boot .
My microdermabrasion facial with Angel was fantastic . Some places I have gone the treatment is painful , however Angel is super gentle yet effective ! Amazing results and a very enjoyable experience !
Owner is extremely personable cares as much about the customer as he does the business . Gonna take all my broken electronics here .
Excellent food and great atmosphere . This is one of my favorite date night locations !
Service great ! Food great ! Dessert great ! GREAT ! Honey mustard wings , margarita pizza and pizza cookie my favs
Wonderful place ! ! ! GREAT service and even better bread . Wish I lived closer but will be here often when I ' m in the area !
I like to bring friends here because the food is so good and the customer service is on point
Never had Ethiopian food but this was very good ! Highly recommend it for anyone that has eaten it before Wise never tried it very good spot
I would recommend Western Pacific Insurance , to anyone looking for good quality insurance . Erin is very nice and gave me great customer service . Great Price too .
Great food and service ! Not bad on pricing . Atmosphere is great and cool especially in the summer . Repeat customer !
We loved the different rock formations , colors , hikes and scenic drive ! Great to get out into nature and feel the snow in the sunshine
One of my fav places to eat while downtown . They have the best salsa and tacos ! I get the burrito bowls almost every time .
Beat pizza in Ajax . Very Brooklyn style and quality is great , fresh and the tomato sauce is killer .
Small intimate brewery with friendly and knowledgeable staff . Loved the honey porter , took home a growler !
Off strip innovative fresh food , good mixologist cocktails , and overall great service . I am glad to see places like this come to the Las Vegas scene . Keep up the good work .
We happened upon this sparking clean place . We had the mango salad and green curry ; both were very good ! The wait staff was very friendly and funny ! Thank you !
This is definitely the place to go for the best vegan food in Tempe . Everything is made fresh daily and they prepare all the food in front of you . Very nice and friendly staff : - )
Great value and extremely flavorful . Clean and relaxing environment . Very authentic options and plenty of them .
Food is awesome ! Love the bar . Ask for Kevin . He ' s a hoot . Oh , the beer is always ice cold .
Dr . Patt goes above and beyond in her care of all animals . And so thankful for her response to my emergency .
Very budget friendly and easy to work with ! I appreciated having a space to be with my grandkids too !
Place is amazing . Excellent home cooked meal . Ended up getting the Hungarian Goulash , was sooo good . So many choices , can ' t wait to go back !
Found this place for a quick late afternoon lunch . Great tasting ribs and good beer selection . Fantastic and friendly service
Phong did a great job resizing my wifes ring , fast and affordable .
Excellent food . . . . . . . the best Tom yum soup ever . The flavours where fantastic and extremely fresh . Will be coming back next time in Vegas .
Omg ! ! The best pizza we ' ve tasted in Vegas . . . We ' ve visited a few popular venues and wasn ' t impressed .
The entire office staff is always so kind and caring . I like the office is so clean and up to date with technology .
I ordered hot and sour noodle . It has fried bins and veggie . It meets my expectation！I love it
Great food , very original but without being gimmicky . Every dish was exquisite . And very good service . Highly recommended .
I loved their service and hospitality ! Not to mention that the actual hot dog is off the chain ! I would recommend this place 110 % . # Bomb . com
Went in to get night sights for my Glock . Guy working explained all the differences and once I picked some out he installed them for no extra charge ! Super fast and friendly service .
Best customer service ! Michael was very helpful in my exchange of a print cartridge ! I will definitely be back again ! Thank you Michael !
Great neighbourhood healthy fast food choice . Prices are excellent , amazing customer service and most of all . . . quality food . Check this place out for a quick bite
A great shopping experience today ! A very nice store , with a wonderful sales staff . Thank you Kim for all of your help !
Of all the Chinese places in the area , this is the best . Tastes fresher , is less greasy .
Great enchiladas . Homemade chips and salsa . Full menu available at breakfast . Will definitely return .
This place is very misleading it looks small from the outside but it ' s huge they have a walk in the cigar section with a wide verity of cigars different price ranges it ' s pretty amazing
Best taco I ' ve had in Montreal . Amazing ! The spicy peanut sauce and lime complimented the beef taco so well . Definitely will go again .
Chance took great care of us . Very polite and helpful . Very fun , clean , we ' ll run facility !
This place was awesome , really pretty girl working cashier good service delicious PIZZA definitely recommend going there and I ' ll sure be going whenever I have the chance again
Delicious new weekend brunch options ! We tried the tofu quiche and the huevos rancheros and took home a boat load of baked goods . Yum !
Sandwiches are delicious but my most favorites are baked pastries and breads . Their Cheese croissant is the best I ' ve tasted .
Cozy , friendly , perfect noise level to work . Delicious pain perdu ! ! Moist inside , flakey outside .
Been coming here for past 7 years always had great food , Service excellent , atmosphere great warm and friendly . Highly recommend .
Food tasted exceptionally great highly recommended for the hakka portion of menu . Pakoras and Manchurian chicken tasted excellent great service very nice people in general
Easy to order online . Friendly on phone . Looking forward to trying food . Always looking for good indian food as it seems hard to find in az
Found a new spot . Authentic , delicious . Live the mung bean drink . Servers very nice and attentive .
Great experience . I heard awful things but we were out in 30 minutes , thank you . My mom needs the lab every three months we will be back for sure .
This place is a local favorite . Love their lunch special . It ' s my mom ' s favorite place and very reasonablu priced .
A crowd pleaser with gourmet pizzas and salads , great selections of wine and beers . Perfect for a get together with friends , date night or family dinner .
Matt , the owner , is very friendly and sure knows his ping pong ! He will sell you good quality equipement , suited to your needs , at very reasonable prices without trying yo upsale you !
The cashier was SO nice ! ( His name was Alex ) . He was recommending things , reminding us of discounts . Great customer service . Go Alex !
my favorite soynamis ? the chai and the soy capitan . although ( with the exception of swizzleberry ) i haven ' t had a soynami i didn ' t like . YUM ! ! ! !
Amazing food . Very innovative recipes and food that tastes good . The soups are big enough for a meal . Pitza are very nicely made and yummy .
We come here every Monday for $ 3 Charlotte beer and the burgers are the best in town ! Sean / Shawn and Kenny are the best !
Great beers on tap ! Four IPAs , Stone Ruination , a couple of stouts , great service . A great time with excellent beer .
It ' s late night that ends at Beta Bites is ALWAYS a legendary night . Fantastic food , fantastic vibe , always a great choice .
Dinner for 4 , great service , amazing appetizers , 3 had the pork tenderloin entree and I had the veal chop which was fantastic . Top notch all the way .
I just love this place ! The genuine western ambience is outstanding . We always take visitors from Europe here and they all LOVE it ! The bull riding just tops off the evening ! !
This place has a little drink called The Bowtie and it ' s absolutely amazing . A must if you ' re in the area !
This place is literally as good as it gets ! Amazing food . Great ambiance . All of the aspects of Paris in Pittsburgh . Id eat there daily if I lived closer .
My friend and I went here to do the purikura . It was pretty cheap compared to HI . Also , the bowling alley was really fun .
This place is Tiny ! But , they have really awesome burgers ! Service was quick and it is the lunch rush . Wish I would have tried a shake as well .
Great food and nice people . Happy to find a place close to the house and open late . Been here several times and always good .
Great food and service . My group loved the pawn shop entrance . Have been to both the NY and Las Vegas locations . Will keep coming back !
Great food ! Yummy ! Atmosphere is nice and the pricing is reasonable .
Extremely fast turnaround time . The owner is very knowledgeable would recommend to others always a quality product . I own my own shop and wouldn ' t take my pump or gearbox anywhere else .
Great deck view for late afternoon / eve drinks and dinner . Less cost than nearby other places plus you can sit outside here .
Great service ! It is for sure a dive bar but I loved it . The cheese curds were amazing ! I had a great time playing pool , drinking beer , and eating food !
Michael helped us buy our new home . He is very knowledgeable and patient . He pays attention to the details that make home buying ( or selling ) a successful endeavor .
This diner is amazing . The portion are huge and the prices are not bad . Everyone is so friendly and the cobbler is great . And it ' s kid friendly
Best Eos I ' ve been to . Terrance is so helpful and awesome . The staff is friendly and personable
Eat here least once a week and the food is great . Katsu chicken is my favorite and the service here is always nice ! ! One of my favorite Hawaiian spots
Recently stopped in for lunch . The new spicy turkey gyro is amazing , thanks Drew , perfectly prepared lunch .
For used tires did a phenomenal selection was very happy with the service good value for the money I didn ' t look around for new tires but but they at had them
Best Greek Salad and best feta fries ! Jack runs a smooth ship there with amazing friendly service . I eat there 1 - 2x a week consistently ! !
Fun atmosphere . Good place . Nice workers and the family that owns it is really great .
Heard they closed ! Definitely a loss for charlotte . Impeccable service and food . I wish we had a chance for another glass of wine at the bar . Thanks for all the great memories .
Our waitress was very nice ! Brought us drinks before we even needed our refill and he food was amazing . You should definitely try them out .
Very cool tapas style restaurant . Reasonable prices for the quality of food . Nice intimate atmosphere . Will be back on our next visit !
This has to be my favorite ice cream place here in Vegas ! Eveything looks and taysye so good . My favorite is the chamango tho ! A must try for everyone
I highly recommend this restaurant . The staff ( especially Marco ) is friendly and the margaritas are awesome ! ! ! Great looking establishment . I will be back .
Great place , great price and extremely knowledgeable . Love doing business with them . Always bringing in new products and demonstrate it to you .
Hands down , best KFC I have ever been to . Always consistent in their service and quality . Thank you !
Very pleasant experience ! Good food ( fajitas ) , great atmosphere , excellent , prompt , and attentive service . Very welcoming to this out of town visitor !
Delicious ! New Yorkers just getting off a flight , grabbed lunch , they were awesome , friendly , good portions , delicious meal . Both my husband and I had burritos . Highly recommend ! ! ! !
I had the Carnias and Asada Quesadillas , they were amazing ! So good with everything on them , great flavor and portion size . I am a fan . The apple soda was really good to !
The family really enjoyed the show . It was funny and full of magic . We had a great time and it was worth the money .
This is my go - to breakfast when staying at the Aria . The pastries are so good , and the location has a nice view of the casino floor .
Ilios noches is a hidden gem in quail corner . I love everything in there . Spinach pie , lamb , and scallops are my favorite . I go there almost every weekend and their patio is awesome
Outstanding quality and service with a busy but pleasant atmosphere ! . . . make sure to try the lamb and make reservations !
This was my second visit to the container park and to Cheffinis . Both visits were wonderful and the hotdogs were amazing both times ! ! ! Tried the grand father and Moshi Moshi . Loved them both .
Amazing hospitality ! Great food ! Up there with the Mexican restaurant in San Diego - Which is great ! and the GM Chad is very nice and made our dinner ! We will definitely be coming back !
Will be coming back to try the rest of the menu ! The food is fresh and flavorful . Try the bbq chicken pizza , itll change your life . The staff is friendly and super fast .
Love this Walgreens they people that work there are friendly as well as helpful i never have to wait in long lines . And you can find anything very quickly from munchies to prescriptions its all good
I had an incredible experience at tombstone . Really friendly helpful staff and great prices ! I will absolutely be visiting again !
The pizza was delicious and service was excellent . The crust was nice and thin , cooked perfectly . Good selection of beer . Nice sized bar and even has a spot you could get slices to go .
Easily the best sushi I ' ve ever had ! ! Very attentive staff and super friendly . Also only $ 25 for all you can eat , my new favorite sushi place
Everything is amazing . The ingredients are unique and high quality . Fish was fresh . Amazing culinary combination .
Best Mexican food I ' ve have in Arizona . Pozole is unbelievable . Awesome service and friendly staff .
I locked the keys in the car and I called locksmith Las Vegas to come and help me and they were very professional . Rubin the locksmith opened the car in less than 5 minutes
Awesome movie theater ! ! Electric reclining reserved seats . Affordable pricing on food and snacks with free drink refills starting as low as $ 2 . 00 . Highly recommend watching movies here .
Really enjoyed the butter chicken here . The food is fantastic and the service is good as well . The lady who owns it is really sweet and very helpful . Definitely will be back !
Had another great haircut from Shawn Helton . You know it ' s good when you wake up the next day & it still looks great !
I love their unique idea of diy pizza and it was very cool , it was very clean and everything was great , it ' s a little small but very nice place
The guys are top notch every time ! Great cuts , awesome customer service and a very relaxing atmosphere !
Food is amazing , service is excellent , atmosphere is dope , location is convenient . No complaints , everything is perfect .
Had a delicious brunch here . Ordered the French toast with bacon and eggs and potatoes & it was delightful ! A little hot on the balcony , but worth the heat for such a good meal .
Had a subwoofer and amp installed in my 2017 Rav 4 . Shaun took his time and did a great job . Everything looks and sounds fantastic . His rates are very reasonable . I highly recommend Cinemagic .
Absolutely amazing . I am definitely give 10 stars if I can . . Everything sooooo delicious . Fun dining experience . . will definitely go back again and again .
Me and My sister enjoy every bite of the hainam chicken rice and the ear salad so good the service awesome and thanks for the fresh lemonade ice tea , we will be back
Great Sushi , fresh ingredients and a great staff ! If you wanna feel like in home you should eat here . Fully recomended !
I love their mini bar ! They even have a condom / lube kit , shoe shiner , shaving necessities , the best blissful lotion in the world and mini ciroc bottles . Coming back !
Love the pizza , love the wings , & especially love the ribs . If you come at peak times expect a wait for a table . Parking is usually the worst part .
Beautiful ! The atmosphere at this place is wonderful , and the tea was delicious and so nicely prepared and presented in such pretty China .
We went to this cafe for the breakfast . We like everything here . Food is delicious . Decoration is unique . Very good service . Definitely coming back again .
Extremely organized efficient hard - working friendly staff . The cleanest my car has been in a long time , affordable prices .
Think hip Seattle / San Francisco local music venue circa 10 - 15 years ago . That ' s really all you need to know ( and to arrive during happy hour before things get crowded ) .
What amazing service and experience ! We had not experienced Korean BBQ before but had heard this place was
Best place to have an amazing haircut and a drink . I got the best fade I could get in Montreal . My barber Daniel was attentive and very professional . My new haircut joint .
just come here . go gamble all your money away but save like $ 30 and come here . ayce sushi , with great service and the fish isnt shitty . come here , trust .
It was a nice place to study . ( outlets at every table ) They have free WIFI and the tea i ordered was good . Service was fast and the employes are nice .
Amazing sushi quality . I am very happy with the freshness of the fish . Also amazing service by Mallory . 10 / 10 on service , atmosphere and sushi quality .
Great food ! Definitely a must for good hummus ! Must try the factory burger with cheese , it is to die for ! Friendly staff too . Always quick and never packed !
First of all , BEST customer service . In addition to that , they did an awesome job on my tint . No bubbles or imperfections ! I will be referring everyone I know to 305 Kustoms .
Service is amazing , very personable ! Food was delicious ! ! We got the beet salad ( SO good ! ! ) sausage pizza , Bella nonna and the gnocchetti sardi . Fantastic ! !
Great service . Great food . Server has knowledge on the food and provides great recommendations . Clean washrooms and good location
The staff are always super friendly and I always leave with fabulous nails ! What more could you ask for ?
Our favorite place for Happy Hour . Enrique is the nicest guy working there . The food & the Cocktails are great . Thank you so much for your wonderful and professional Service . Will be back soon .
One of the best , if not the best ice cream here in Cleveland . Love the selection of flavors . You ' ll never get bored .
First time here . Excellent food excellent price . This will be a place we will return on a consistent basis . Nothing more needs to be said .
We just had lunch there . It was delicious as always . Its our go to place for sushi . Delicious food at a reasonable price and the service was great .
Beer selection , awesome ! Burgers , awesome ! Pizza , ditto ! Best French fries I ' ve had . Meghan was a great server !
Absolutely amazing . The employees treat you like they would treat family . The food and prices are phenomenal .
I get take out from here every so often . I really enjoy their masala curries and naan . Their lunch buffet is also of high quality . Hope this place sticks around !
Hostess is awesome , staff super friendly . Great place to bring the family . Good pizza , spinach salad was delicious .
One of my all time favorite places in Charlotte . The drinks and food are amazing , creative and worth the wait and cramped quarters ! ! !
Delightful . . was delicious food & great service . . we thank you for helping to make our valentine day one to remember
my first time at blue martini and grace suggested a drink and i loved it ! she is very polite and attentive to her cutomers
Great shop ! Friendly , knowledgeable staff and reasonable prices on service . Got my bike tuned up here and it rides like a dream now .
Great food . Great happy hour . Great atmosphere . Super great bartenders , staff and manager . Will be a stop each time in Vegas . Cheers .
Great staff and the Dr . was wonderful ! Very knowledgable and personable . Would definitely recommend this place for eye care .
Great service and Todd is very good manager ! Thank you for going the extra mile Highly recommend this location for all your repair needs
Sooooo good . . Caitlin was a great server ! We ordered too much . but all the food was very good Come on SCALLOPS
Neat place to check out ! They have great Jerky and it has a comforting feel . I will definitely be back .
Great staff . We love Paul . I ' ve gone to this place for years and it always is a great place to play video poker and drink .
Wow , loud and fun . Must be in the mood for a party and sushi . Small and pricey food , however great flavor and amazing service .
This place is worth a visit . Go for the happy hour . There have been some changes in the staff and kitchen , which have definitely been for the positive .
well - executed upscale pub food with a twist . great beer selection . extremely fair prices .
This place is one of the best tap rooms in AZ Their saison is the fresh tasting and the Desert Kettle board is so yummy . Definitely coming back .
Love this place ! I ' m sad it ' s not open Any more . Come back ! We miss you ! Great food , great prices and we ate here weekly
Great little spot . Food was outstanding . Nice little gem tucked in a strip mall . Steak was great . Snails were excellent . The home sausage was great with an excellent presentation .
No wait on a Saturday evening . Prompt service . I had the sweet and sour chicken , friend had the king pow chicken . Both were amazing . Definitely going back again ! !
Khourys is awesome . Freshest ingredients , courteous service . Lana is always welcoming and takes care of us with a smile . I can ' t get enough of this place
You MUST order the Tavarua tacos ! They were seriously the best tacos I ' ve ever had . We tried a few others there that were still good , but NOTHING beats the Tavarua ! !
my go to is the island green ! great customer service and amazing food and smoothies ! go here at least once a week , and i love it !
service is very good ! ! ! very nice relaxing place . . atmosphere is great and the boba teas are delicious , not too sweet , just right . .
The food was delicious . The fish was very fresh and every piece tasted great . The service was also very good .
Excellent bagels , great staff . Best bagel spot in the valley , hands down . Jalapeño bagel with horseradish bacon spread is the way to go .
Amazing food and great portions ! Lamb was delicious ! The tour of Greece was perfect for two and gives you many options ! Sooooo goood ! !
Great and caring staff ! Glad I picked them to care for my dog . Dr . Chiles has calmed my nerves many times - always through with answers and listens to all concerns
I had Salmon chushee . And my husband had Kho soi . Both dishes were so good . I want to go back to try Tom yum noodle .
Authentic Italian food made from scratch ( not heated up from frozen ) . This place reminds me of being in New York . Reasonable prices , reliable . Specials are very good .
I can go detail as to what makes this place my new favorite statehouse but suffice to say the food is outstanding , the portions are ridiculous and the staff is out of this world .
I absolutely love the staff and how well They treat my kiddos and of course all of there talent , I won ' t go any where else !
Great place , great staff . No Waiting . I love this Place . Best trees in town . If you like a great place with no Lines and great trees go here
This place is huge . So much stuff . I mostly went in to get a flavored lube that I love to use on my girl . Staff super helpful and nice .
Great place
This place is awesome . East coast style deli with really good bagels , donuts , breakfast lunch and dinner options . The desserts are impressive . Staff is friendly . Will definitely be back .
Delicious , fantastic service and quality ! We loved everything about Hobak , highly recommend for Korean BBQ !
Will absolutely eat here again . Service was prompt , wine / food tasted very fresh and good , and the seats were very comfortable . Bit pricey but so be it
I attended 2 workshops at this location and the staff was very friendly and informative . They answered everyone ' s questions and gave more helpful information wth it .
Great meal , excellent staff , amazing ambiance ! Another Fox success . We will be back for sure .
Love it here . Always some type of special going on . Definitely the best industry night in vegas
Love being part of this great office . Everyone truly cares for dentistry and want to see everyone have a great smile . 10 years here and still going strong .
Awesome food selection and a down - to - earth dining experience . Highly recommend it even if you are not Vegan . Good food is good food !
I am a fan of Roberto ' s and this is a nice one . I just was served in 3 min and portions were nice . They did a good job in my book !
Omg the food was awesome and to make it even better the staff was the best I ' ve seen in years ! ! Totally recommend it ! DJ was so awesome and hope he gets promoted ASAP !
Had a great time there , concessions a little over priced like every other movie theater . But a good experience over all . Will go back for sure .
Perfect experience my 2nd car in a year thank you Jim for making this buying process simple
Good for kids and perfect to parents . The staffs are very nice . I sat on the the massage chair and waited my kids .
Great place for coffee great bakery also . Fun atmosphere . Would recommend to anyone in Vegas
Received a $ 50 gift card for a comp meal that was bad Had the stuffed deep dish . OUTSTANDING Be prepared to wait 45 mins for it though
Amazing show . So entertaining . Great for the whole family . Highly recommend . Seen many shows here in vegas , and this is one of my favorite
Good food . Good service . Great atmosphere . Lots of TVs . Nice place away from the main strip .
Love love love this place . The food is fresh and delicious . The service is impeccable . Highly recommend . Free parking .
best bbq ever been there a few times and its amazing especially there sauce
We just recently bought our new truck from Sales ( Mark ) . We received excellent customer service from the sales dept . Finance did great as well . Thank you . : )
Ate here many times and can honestly say , it ' s amazing . The hog heaven sandwich with pulled pork and jalapeño sausage is to die for .
Went on a weekday night for dinner . Had to wait 20 mins to be seated on the patio . Not bad . They have a good collection of local Ontario craft beers . Food was great too .
This hotel is nice . The staff is quite attentive , rooms were top - shelf , and it ' s right across the street from Fashion Show Mall .
Big shout out to my server , Katie , she made me smile and laugh on an evening that I was exhausted and just wanting some good Italian comfort food !
Yum ! Yum ! Yum ! Get the dynamite roll . So good . I go here as often as I can . Try it !
Went for the first time over the holiday weekend ! What great flavors to choose from and the staff was friendly too ! ! A delicious way to cool off this summer ! We will be back ! !
I fell asleep ! Shes has a very relaxing presence and touch . Her table is awesomely comfortable . Reasonable prices and monthly membership as well !
went here about a month a go picked up amazing Steak . they have some really good stuff and wish i would have got more to try other stuff they offered
Great macarons ! The salted caramel are awesome ! We return again . Took some macarons to work everyone loved them ! ! !
Love this place . The happy hour specials are awesome and the goat cheese croquettes are out of the world . Good music and atmosphere and the food is prompt .
Wonderful service , cute little cafe , great food and they were very generous with samples !
We had the wings confit , filet tartar and brussel sprouts and everything was amazing ! Sat at the bar in the downstairs kitchen and the kitchen staff was very friendly and knowledgeable . Great craft beer selection .
Love the food , love the atmosphere . I keep going back ! ! Bring your friends for shotskis ! ! !
Excellent food . Good value . We really like it . Service is quick and fast .
Our bartender April was great . Fantastic brunch and great location near Aria and The Shops @ Crystals
Top notch service . Very professional and caring from the ease of making appointments to the follow up service . Very knowledgeable .
Have always wanted to try their pizza , was not disappointed . Just the right amount of sauce and cheese , also cooked to just the right darkness .
Good fun course . Back 9 is a if fun , and staff is really friendly and helpful ! Course is usually in pretty good condition as well
This was an awesome spot to eat ! Once we saw they were on triple D we had to try it . The seared ahi tuna salad / sandwich was amazing .
Great service here . We were greeted as we walked through the door . The worker was very friendly and well mannered . She and provided quick service
what a fantastic atmosphere and savory food !
Professional technicians with outstanding service with prices that can ' t be beat . I certainly will be using this company for all my future fireplace needs .
Great service . Great food . Appetizers came a little late , but the owner made the apps on the house and personally delivered . Recommend the beer battered asparagus and poblano pepper entree .
The staff here really cares about the borrower and making sure they get the best loan possible for their unique situation . Knowledgeable staff makes getting questions answered easy and fast . I would highly recommend them .
By far the BEST place for ice cream . Make sure to stop here . Amazing ice cream and great service ! ! !
The best fresh haircuts in town , very professional and friendly people , i highly recommend it ! ! ! ! ! Thanks Kevin
Fun atmosphere and plenty of games to play . The food is okay and everyone who works here are friendly and helpful . A great time was had by all .
What are the greatest places that I ' ve ever stayed at home to Tony Curtis while his house was being built this places is just like Palm Springs
Great place to get your haircut . Easy to find . Relaxed inside and you will be in and out in like ten minutes . They will get you lookin sharp .
Favorite Chinese food in Phoenix Area ! Family owned , extremely friendly staff and the food is authentic . Not to mention the area they deliver has a wide range . Would recommend 100 %
Great optometrist , seemed to really know his stuff and was sensitive to prices . An all - around nice guy . I was quite pleasantly surprised to find him in the downtown area !
This is a must stop brunch spot when I am in Vegas . I love Bouchon ' s ambiance , cocktails , and pastry . Make sure to share a cheese plate ! So so good !
Great spot ! We had the tortas - Pierna and Cubana really amazing sandwiches . Pretty cool spot to eat outside and inside . Great customer service .
A great Asian restaurant in Las Vegas . It is very clean and modern style . Food taste good and fresh . We went twice in 3 days . Kids liked it too .
Super fast and she knows what she ' s doing . She is very pleasant and takes walk ins . 10 bucks for eyebrow threading . Will come back
Awesome food ! Really flavorful and portions are great ! I will definitely be ordering from here more often , keep up the good work ! : )
Delicious Vegan Sandwiches . Had the Handsome Owl and the Mobile Momma . We loved it ! Only wish their bacon was Vegan !
miss Hawaiian food done right thank you for the experience . Keep doing what your doing .
BEAUTIFUL HOTEL and VERY kid friendly ! Love the fact that it has a self parking and planet Hollywood shopping center ! Staff was GREAT and they have a Starbucks on property !
Breakfast fan . Huge portions and consistent delicious food . Nice salsa bar and patio . I go here as a reward to myself .
Had a good experience here . . . no complaints . It was busy and I had to wait for a pump but that ' s ok .
Very helpful . I had my brake light broken when I took a friend to road test , and found this place on yelp . It ' s a easy task , but I appreciated their service quality .
Just had a lemon curd with burnt marshmallow that was out of this world . The venison sausage was really good , the mussels with Parmesan were incredible , but desert topped it all ! ! !
It ' s just so easy to have fun with friends here . good drinks and places to sit when your feet hurt like crazy from shaking it all night .
Great service , professional team , happy to help when needed . Xcash will be on your side when everyone else reject you ! ! !
honestly the best customer service in my entire life ! the chicken was so crispy and the staff was incredibly kind !
Everyone on staff here is incredibly helpful and friendly . Couldn ' t be happier with my trip here .
Great authentic southern food . Convenient to offices uptown . Good location to take friends / clients if you ' re looking for authentic southern uptown .
Very simple foods , but expertly put together . Paella was amazing ! They use fresh produce from local growers and add their flair ! We can ' t wait to go back .
Mmmmmmmmmm . I guess rules say that reviews can ' t be too laconic . So I will be kll0000
Awesome selection of fish and roll . Lunch time service was great , staff was up beat and knowledgeable . Local recommended = great choice .
Nice food ! The brisket is tender and the service of the restaurant is very good as well .
Any record store that has a large selection of Townes Van Zandt knows good music .
Loved all the beer and wine choices . Lots of great options . Great place for locals to hang out . Happy hour prices are amazing .
Pretty awesome with lots of friendly people and staff . Will be back when we go to cave creek
Great variety of options , freshly made and a good price .
Great little lounge with oddly great food I was impressed . Had the chicken fried chicken and it was really tasty almost tasted like there was butter in the breeding idk how but it was good .
As one of the few Thai places you get frequent flyer miles in town , its as good as it gets ! Cute place with great food !
This is the best spot for lunch in Las Vegas ! The food is fantastic .
Food was good , friendly service , the meatjun was very tasty , I ' d love to go again next time I ' m in Vegas .
This is my all time favorite place In The world they stay having my order right the wings are so special just like I like them they never disappoint such a well established wing spot
Owner very friendly . food very good and not expensive , I tried their chicken pizza and the dough was just amazing . I will definitely come back again and will recommend this place .
Ate here twice this week . They cook the wings fresh so it takes some time but worth it . Good customer service and clean store .
Great place to grab a refreshing dessert . Jason made a cute rose cone with passion fruit , coconut and banana flavors ! Used a $ 12 for $ 20 of sweets deal on Travel Zoo .
Lunch at the Blue Martini on a breezy spring day , nothing starts off the week better than Blue Martini .
Ordered war wanton - excellent ! First time here . Everything I ordered was fresh and hot . The cashier brought the food out to my car . I definitely will be back soon .
$ 180 for 4 hours of insane offroad fun . . . . . . can ' t get better than that AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME the TOMCAR is insane fun in the Sun and sand
Some of the best deli food ever . A lot of good stuff on the menu . HUGE portions .
Super friendly staff , we did not have reservation and they were able to accommodate us . The kimchi fries and the creme brûlée were spectacular . . . and all is vegan : )
Great Thai place . Awesome service . Great atmosphere and the food is delicious . This is one of our favorite spots . All three fish dishes are cooked to perfection . The sauces are amazing .
One of one of the better Chinese restaurants around They have very large portions and the deliveries are super fast , I recommend this place .
I ' m not a BBQ connoisseur , but it ' s the best BBQ I ' ve ever had . Best restaurant in C - U .
This place is fresh and delicious . The staff are amazing as well ! I had the blueberry custard Danish and it definitely hit the spot . Will be back soon : )
Had the best breakfast ever the grizz I ' m so full . Our server Cindi was the best . Food came out very quick All around the best place to eat . Will come back again
Great folks , great service . Couldn ' t be happier . Work was top notch , even surprised me with a couple custom touches . Thanks !
Great place to hang out and enjoy made from scratch baked goods and burritos . Excellent and friendly service and a great atmosphere . Go !
Amazing food . This place has great food and amazing service . Everything is always extremely fresh and tasty ! They have indoor and outdoor seating .
The prettiest terrace in Old Montreal . Beautifully maintained greenery . Delicious fresh meal . Try the Mint Condition cocktail - superb , refreshing Summer drink !
We love state 48 ! The beers are great , the food is awesome and I love the rotating menu for desserts and things ! Try the PB and jelly burger and the creme brulees ! ! ! !
This place is a must go to when visiting Vegas . Best Al Pastor in the state . . . No one comes close to this state . I highly recommend this location .
I am very impressed by the size of this farmers market that is indoors . The food here looks fresh to eat . Their small cupcakes are delicious .
The ambiance is nice , the food is good , the service is quick and it is reasonably priced . What else can you ask for ? It ' s perfect for lunch !
Great spot ! Delicious and fresh rolls etc . And they are so nice ! We usually do takeout - it ' s always so fast .
love this place and the service . they have vernons too ! yummy
I have been seeing Dr . Keller for years . Wait times vary , but she really takes her time with each patient . I never seem rushed . Highly recommend !
This place is fantastic ! I wish I lived closer , I would be here all the time ! Great friendly service and yummy pastries , what else do you need ?
The best sushi on the danforth . We go once a week or more . And if you love Korean , their bibimbap is truly stunning ! Served in a true sizzling bowl .
Great customer service . Was greeted by Matthew and he was so personable and helped me with my foot pain . Will definitely be a repeat customer !
Fantastic service . Patrick was very helpful . The scallops are amazing ! Had a great time
Food was excellent and service was great . Highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a ramen place !
Been coming here for years and never disappointed . Reasonable prices and friendly ownership . Biggest strawberries in the area . Will continue to give them my business .
Best wash ever the only place I like to go to best staff always no problems with anything
Every dinner there has been perfect . Great service . Patrick is a rare gem . Patience . Compassion knowledge . Great value in every respect
Best place to eat , fantastic service . . . . great food , awesome atmosphere . Great as left overs for the next day as well . Tasty , music is prime choice relaxed .
Fabulous ! She is amazing and takes time to make your hair perfect ! Definitely the person to go to for color change
This place has amazing food . Everything fried was done perfectly . The staff was welcoming and attentive . We will be back again soon
The food is awesome , the prices are great , and the jukebox is OG . It ' s one of the most authentically Cleveland places left downtown .
Got the Cheffini dog and a Naked dog with bacon and cream cheese , since I could choose my own toppings . Very yummy . So tasty .
Love this place ! They have fun flavors toppings and I like the tvs music and wifi ! Very affordable and the owner and workers are very nice !
Brandy the bartender is the bomb ! ! ! ! She is great & genuine ! ! ! ! We enjoyed our time and she made some mad margaritas ! ! !
Met with Jonathon for an estimate . Then met with him and Larry to finalize the project ( redo the patio flooring ) . A few days later , an excellent result . We are very pleased .
This is the best Sushi Restaurant in Phoenix . The manager Mr . Starve Ogawa Sushi is not looks like Japanese , but he is the Japanese real man of Sushi .
What a great spot ! Friendly staff and delicious teas . . . Modern and spacious with a cool menu for both tea newbies and fans alike .
My mom and I really enjoyed the food . The staff were really attentive and explained all the menu choices ( mom does not like spicy ) .
Hands down best place for lunch just a wee bit away from campus ! The specials are always good . The Jarre soup is amazing and everything I ' ve had is very flavorful ! I highly recommend !
Awesome place . The whiskey selection is awesome . Try the beef ribs not fatty at all . The sides are also a little different .
This place is by far the best bakery in the area . Everything is incredibly fresh and the Russian teas , bear claws , fresh warm donuts and cassata cake will blow you away .
I come here often with clients and it has always been a pleasant experience . Today was no exception even with a game playing . I still got top notch service .
Love their tacos . It usually takes a little while to get your food but that ' s how you know it ' s made to order .
This is one of my favorite spots on the strip . Always taste good and the service is great , ask for Ally ! Veggie burrito is bomb !
Perfect steaming bowl of ramen and less busy than the Dundas street location . The fried chicken appetizer and mochi dessert ( green tea and mango pieces ) were also hits .
A true perfectionist and professional . Looks amazing . I was able to schedule services quickly and the work was completed fast and above expectations .
Excellent food . Good value . But this place is always busy . Will definitely go again . Highly recommended .
Hard to find an actual tavern that serves good food and you can play pool or darts and catch a football game . Will return frequently to support their business .
Wow ! Hands down the BEST RED VELVET CAKE EVER ! ! I really mean it , I ' m shocked ! This place is amazing ! !
Some of the best made drinks I ' ve ever had . Both classics and their originals . Bartenders know their stuff , very chill vibe too . Will be back many times !
Delicious ! Great service ! ! Had the rotisserie chicken and it was amazing . The white sangria is refreshing and yumm ! And the best part free chocolate chip cookies at the end !
Natalie was our waitress and she was awesome ! Great service , good food , HUGE portions !
This is my favorite location in Las Vegas . Amanda is the best ! ! ! She greets you everyday with her happy face ! ! My drink is always made to perfection ! !
I ' ve always had a great experience here . The food is delicious , the service is good , and everything comes pretty quickly . I always walk out with wonderful leftovers too .
Awesome broasted chicken which you can ' t get everywhere . Great pizza too . Fun for families or nice for just 2 .
I had Benjamin cutting my hair . Very patient and good skill . Thank you and i will be back .
It ' s the Mediterranean Chipotle . Quick , easy and so delicious . Gluten free and vegan options including sauces , sides and falafel . Love it !
What a great idea for a birthday party ! Everyone loved the gelato flavors and the presentation was so festive and colorful . Thanks for making my party a huge success .
Stumbled upon this during hot summer day on visit friom nyc ; gentle kind service nice salsa and carnitas recommended
I love this place . The music is unobtrusive , the service is SUPER friendly and accommodating , and the food is DELICIOUS . Grapefruit mimosas for everybody ! ! !
Great ramen , decent size location if you ' re there with a group plus a bar if you ' re alone .
Great , friendly service ! Very good drinks ! Good people watching spot . Live music ! ! ! Yay ! ! !
Wow . Works are isolated . Employees are staggered throughout the exhibition to be of assistance and discuss the work with you , and to kindly remind you to not touch the art .
One of the best salad place for me . I ' ve been trying so many different salads and I never disappointed . Very fresh , big dishes , very testy .
Great ballpark ! Good seating , good food choices , free parking , and the nicest employees I ' ve found at spring training ! !
The staff were very curtious ! ! ! The burgers are delicious as well as the zucchini ! ! ! Prices are great for the amazing food ! ! ! Definitely will be back ! !
Great Pizza , cracker crust , you pick toppings , made fast , tastes great ! Also , reasonably priced .
Tim O was quick and really fun to work with ! ! Thanks Tim ! He really was knowledgeable and professional . Best experience I ' ve ever had buying furniture !
The drinks are so delicious and refreshing ! ! The best Thai tea here ! ! ! It ' s my 4th time this week ! ! I ' m addicted lol
Excellent food a d customer service , but the meat portion for lunch is very small . I hope they make it bigger
I love this place ! They really take their time to make sure the details of your nails are beautiful ! Great waxing services at well . Clean shop . Thanks for the great service
Absolutely enjoyed eating at this cafe . Visited on three separate occasions and all expectations were fulfilled ! Thanks for the outstanding service and food !
Closest I have had to the real thing . Excellent ! Love the Pastor but all were good .
They do fantastic sandwiches at lunch - pick from any bread , cheese and meat from the deli . You can sample the various cheese too if you ' re unsure . Always satisfied !
Absolutely delicious ! ! Waffles are amazing . It ' s tiny but it doesn ' t matter its a real treat
We had a delightful evening at Paris 66 . The atmosphere and the food we ' re outstanding . Our waitress , Brie was a great addition to our visit . # thanksforthememories . Jill and Dan from Asheville
So yummy ! Just left happy hour and wish I had more time ! Drinks and food are on point !
Sun Auto provides Excellent customer service and JD was great to work with ! Excellent work at a reasonable price .
Clean , beautifully laid out , and well stocked . Nice folks , too . Try the dark chocolate almonds !
Awesome work done , honest and reasonable . Had a great conversation with owner after work was done that made me feel like he was passionate about his customers and community .
This is a wonderful upscale restaurant in Henderson . I highly recommend the happy hour that has wonderful appetizers at reasonable prices as well as half off martinis . The live music is also a bonus .
Really good food and service was great thank you Brian definitely recommend this place we went to a few other places while we were here and none of them came close to how good this place is .
This is my favorite sushi place ! I ' ve tried other ones but nothing beats this one ! It ' s delicious and so inexpensive ! You can get a great deal here for an amazing meal !
Cool amphitheater . Easy to get a beer and hit the restroom . Sounded great . Friendly staff . Won ' t hesitate to go back for a show .
Highly recommend the tasting menu from Chef Jason who came out to greet us and share his ideas . Great service from the staff who doted over us and were professional in every sense .
I love the happy and healthy vibes at Flower Child ! I had the squash and Brussel sprout salad and a juby true juice , left me feeling ready to tackle the day . Highly recommend !
Absolutely First - Class Service . Patricio and the Crew made sure that was taken care of . I ' m very pleased with All of my experiences here . Great Prices & Services .
Min is the absolute best ! ! He does an excellent job and is extremely precise . I would never consider going anywhere else ! !
This place is awesome . Had the gluten free burger and it was great . All the kids loved their meals . Glad we stopped here .
Tried this place for the first time today and we were impressed ! Super friendly staff . . very clean and cute inside . Food was delicious ! We will be back for sure !
best pizza in south side . huge drink selection . awesome atmosphere . $ 4 for a slice that could easily feed 2 people !
Can ' t say enough good things about JJ and his barbershop . This will be my new go to place . Awesome atmosphere , conversation and a great cut .
Fantastic super garlics crunchy green beans and garlic fries ! ! Need I say more ! Love this place
Good strong drinks for the price . In a convenient spot to stop by at whether coming or going .
I love this spa . People that work there are awesome . I ' m tired . I sleep . The hot stone massage is great . Getting one sunday .
Local dive with tasty and creative meals . Have visited under New and old management and had positive experiences .
Absolutely the best vape shop in Las Vegas ! This place is like a campfire and I want me s ' more . . .
Always really slow in the early afternoon . Great teller service : )
I really like this place . They have tasty coffee and yummy food . Service was quick and the staff was very pleasant . Fair Trade is definitely a weekend favorite of mine ! Snap
This place is a well oiled machine ! We walked straight in , ordered our food to go , and it was ready within 5 minutes . The chicken tenders are amazing ! ! !
Teri was amazing to work with especially considering our tight timeline . I would recommend her to anyone and I will certainly be using her again for any future floral needs !
This women is absolutely amazing . She helped my tenants relocate and got my house sold in thirty days for an excellent price . Perfect communication from the beginning to the end of escrow . Thanks again Lauren !
Best wings in north town . Fries are so big and crispy . Oh mah goidddd ! ! ! GREAT PEOPLE GREAT FOOD
My new favorite spot ! Everything is delicious spring rolls , vegan sexy roll and Kung pap chicken yummmm
店里面的绿豆汤太好喝啦！辣辣的面配上绿豆汤真是绝配了，感觉味道好正中，跟在中国吃过的一样，杯子好特色，感觉很温馨，店里的帅哥和美女服务态度好好，总体给这个店100个赞！下次还要再来，
Great service , great yogurt , lots of toppings . service is friendly and great . I love this place , need i saw more .
Love it this place has great friendly staff and the Banh mi sandwich I found my place , save me the trip go going to Asian corner now . There Gabi Korean fries are so good
Super fun sit in place . Must try sandwiches and fresh pizza Then treat yourself to the delicious Italian ice ! It ' s a favorite of my son ' s and mine !
Cute little tiny authentic Italian restaurant . Very romantic and would be a good place to impress a date ! ! Different is good .
Very friendly staff . Delicious food . Always something new on the menu . Quaint hidden spot just off of mill avenue . If you ' re looking for something quick , delicious and healthy go here .
The food is awesome . . . . . but be prepared to wait , especially if you order online . Actually , don ' t order online because most likely their " internet isn ' t working "
Had a great anniversary dinner . Greater with Champaign and free dessert . Wow ! ! Thank you
One of my favorites ! They are on the pricey side , but all the food is fresh and delicious . The menu is half Italian and half Cajun .
Delicious . Order the Call 911 Roll it won ' t dissapoint . Staff is helpful and friendly . Can ' t go wrong with great service and delicious food . You guys rock !
Today ' s lunch special is hot turkey with steamed vegetables and french fries for $ 12 . It ' s an incredible meal for $ 12 , the best in the area .
Wonderful Korean barbecue we had a great lunch I would highly recommend coming here and I would come back again and I am a professional chef
Oyakodon and Magic Mountain are delicious ! Restaurant is small and it ' s got a nice ambiance : )
Great atmosphere , everyone who works here is fabulous ! I work around the area and have never been disappointed . They ' re great here and I will always be a loyal customer .
It ' s wonderful to find a coffee shop that cares so deeply about its product and customers . Wonderful service , knowledgeable and plenty of beverages to choose from .
Alex and his team and very thorough , honest , and fair . By far the best family owned mechanic in Las Vegas !
Sorry about that Dressler ! I apparently selected the wrong restaurant when completing my last review . For that , I do apologize !
Some of the best hand dripped coffee I ' ve had since Philz in San Jose !
Great and consistent food ! Best breakfast burritos ever ! Also the staff is always super friendly . Love this place .
Definitely worth the wait folks . The appetizers were so bomb and the pho was even better !
What can I say I LOVE Malee ' s , keep returning to satisfy my addiction to " The Evil Jungle Princess ! : - )
Awesome as hell big menu great choices and they have mimosas and bloody Mary ' s as well as coffee drinks with liquor . . . Second time here I will be back
My favorite bar in the arts district . The best group of bartenders and staff in the downtown area . Always chill jams and atmosphere .
Service was awesome , my husband got the cyclist burger and added bacon and I did a build your own burger with bacon and cheddar cheese . Both burgers were juicy and flavorful !
Amazing food ! Had a bonus of a fun dessert ! If you can guess the flavors , you get it for free ! We didn ' t win but those were our guesses !
Quality - on time - good coat - great people - always friendly - 10 stars if it were possible ! ! !
Great place to drink , great place to eat . Good location in Chandler , and right next door is Iguana Macs . fish tacos + + +
my favorite place for teas ! The service is really great too . I was helped out by dielle she is so sweet ! ! ! lol
Love to be able to create your own pizza . Light sauce and cheese . Fast only 20 min .
Great Food and friendly staff - this food is full of flavor and is actually HEALTHY ! Yum !
What a great experience ! The atmosphere was very peaceful and the massages were amazing . This is one of the best massages in Vegas for the money . You really can ' t beat it .
They were very courteous and good service . Well worth it ! They were so good that me and my fiancé brought his cousin the next day to get a massage .
Super place to go , just don ' t expect to eat there . You will have to take it to go . Get the Reuben wrap .
Nice variety store . Shelves are full and friendly service . I love that they greet every customer . Exceptional prices on most everything in here .
Great " I couldn ' t make lunch and gotta go healthy " place . Definitely will be back and happy it ' s close by my office .
Such a great spot for breakfast . The decorations are awesome there are huge windows we could watch the bakers do in their game in the morning . Will absolutely be back
Great panckakes , French toast , sausages ar best quality , they use premium coffee , great staff .
fantastic staff , gorgeous resort , 2 amazing pools and lots of great free stuff like wine hour everyday . i was very impressed at this stay ! !
Great food , fast service plus free mochi if you check in on Facebook ! Already have been 3 times and plan on going back for lunch at least once a week : )
Wonderful burgers with unusual options to add like fried green tomatoes , etc . Beautiful view of the golf course and relaxing atmosphere . Friendly and helpful staff .
Ordered chicken piccata , finished it under ten minutes . And they let my dog sit with me : )
Omg the food is awesome and I am a Mexican American . Our server was great Jona was outstanding . We will be back again ! ! ! ! !
Had Cuban sandwich and butternut squash soup , both packed with great flavour . I will definitely come back to try more
Love eating here ! The sushi is alway great and the staff is very friendly ! Definitely worth checking out if you haven ' t already .
Awesome happy hour ! And servers and bartenders are always cute and nice ! This place is always busy but beware of the bathroom heated seats . . . Ewweyyy
Simply stunning ! So much amazing art that I would ensure an entire day or at least afternoon .
Service was exceptional this evening and the food was awesome . Appreciate all the other great reviews that led us here to begin with ! A definite place to stop for Greek food .
This is a must try put it on your to do list now the food is terrific a down town experience . Great place to check out worth the drive for this dinning experience . .
Awesome ! Hands down the best Mac and cheese hot dog ! ! Chicago dog was very good also . D ' s wings were spicy but very . Definitely a must go back to place .
Had an excellent brunch , truly one of the best in Madison . Our server Emilio was friendly and attentive . The food was great , especially the flank steak and the grilled pineapple .
College hunting trip - - saved us from going to a restaurant ! Great idea !
Food is amazing , staff is amazing , second visit and still happy here . Consistency is key to good business .
I love their food ! Their food is always fresh , plentiful and delicious . I have yet to be disappointed after experiencing years of great service and food !
Great service & great food . Lunch buffet is $ 10 . 99 from 11AM - 3PM Monday through Sunday , glad it ' s so close to my home .
The food and service here are amazing , the salsa is fresh and not bought in . Love the place and go there every chance I get
Julie ' s Tabbouleh is an awesome home made Meal ! Also had the black bean chilli which was great and my 12 year old even loved it ! Great service and a very kind staff .
Friendly staff and great food ! ! Can ' t believe their sushi . Their other dishes are definitely worth trying . A mandatory stop for sure .
Definitely one of the best places to grab a bite / drink downtown . It ' s hard to get seats though so I would recommend to book online !
I love this gym and my kids enjoy coming to their ChildCare . They are great with my children and I really appreciate all the staff there . Everyone is awesome ! ! !
Customer services are really good . Their specials are tasty . I love their chocolate cake so much !
Knowledgeable and friendly staff . I appreciate the extra time and explanation on the Kratom . Great energy and a genuine willingness to help . Thank you !
I went here about a month ago and saw Veronica and she was great ! Really put me at ease and I ' m going to go back again soon . I recommend this establishment highly .
Fantastic dinner . It ' s not just the food . It ' s the whole dining experience . Father and sons make sure you enjoy a truly Greek feeling and I left with a smile
I don ' t usually give 5 stars , but it was amazing . Try the Veggie Quiche w / salad combo . Very filling but won ' t weigh you down .
Really clean tools and environment . Highly recommend this place : ) the male technician did a great job . Piano music made my pedi and mani very relaxing .
Good service good food ! This cute restaurant belongs to tasty chengdu , authentic Sichuan noodle
Great customer service ! Not used to such a friendly and helpful front staff . Also , Anna does an amazing blow out ! !
Everytime I came here , there was a long line ! That means it tastes really good and worth it to wait ! My favorite boba tea spot !
This is the best dry cleaning service in Las Vegas ! ! Such a time saver and so easy . Matthew is the best ! Thank you !
Stopped by last night with a friend for a quick drink and a bite to eat and was really happy we did ! Great food and drink and exceptional service !
had a great burger and fresh guacamole . would definely recomend for a game or for some late night drinks .
I love this little French bakery . It is very consistent , everything tastes amazing every time and is executed very well . The lemon tarte is my personal favorite , so delicious .
They always come through ! Great service ! No hassle ! Way easier than getting a reservation through a club .
I visited Caffe Mona during my US trip . . Especially i suggest You have a breakfast there . Delicious French crepes and tasteful coffees by the way , very friendly and cheerful staff .
My family got right in with no wait . Dr Miller is awesome !
Very happy with the service at LaserAway ! The location is great , easy parking and convenient right off the Strip . The staff are super friendly and professional . I am looking forward to my next treatment .
Some of the best pizza I ' ve ever had . Nice attentive service . Definitely the NY style pizza I was looking for .
Finally someone cut my golden doodle correctly . Thank you melody for doing a fantastic job cutting Bailey ! ! ! ! !
Super friendly people who are nice even when it is 116 degrees outside . Tip : military discount and frequent customer rewards cup . I love the iced chai with soy . Daughter likes vampire slayer .
Best Ramen place ever . Really great food , fast and friendly service and a nice interior . Also fairly priced .
Food is amazing and the customer service is even better ! You can never go wrong here . The furikake chicken and kalbi ribs ate perfect everytime !
Go at least every two weeks to use their range , friendly staff and fair pricing
Amazing food . Best onion rings ever . Nice family fun setting . Great for spring time . Summer spot for evenings . Most of the seating is outside
So delicious ! Scallops , Mac n cheese , short ribs . . . . all amazing . Super great service and our food came quickly !
Awesome staff and great prices . Free paraffin wax with the pedicure is amazing ! !
Get the squid , fried fish , and all the cold dishes . This is a super authentic and good Chinese restaurant . Don ' t miss out !
Awwww man ! Quick addendum . . . PLEASE add the Chicken Chipotle tamales to the " EAT THESE ! ! " list .
Long lines usually on the weekends but they do their best to accommodate . And always worth the wait . Friendly service no matter what .
Wow ! Delicious HUGE pizza , great salad , speedy delivery in the Biltmore - Arcadia area and decent prices . I ' m in heaven !
I ' ve had breakfast at a lot of places all over the world and this is one of the best I ' ve ever had . Alex gave us first class service both times there . Amazing
So excited to have this new gem in town . Food and drinks are excelente ! Cool ambiance and most of all , center of the strip ! This will be our new local spot !
Great carwash , self serve . The creamy avocado air freshener is my favorite ! The areas generally clean and the water pressure took all the marks off of my car .
This place is great , just love the fresh patisseries . After reading this post made me go . http : / / lovetoblog . ca / ? p = 63
Family owned and they make their own ice cream from scratch ! Ice cream is so good , definitely coming again soon .
Big portions , more then enough food to feed two people , waitress always on top of everything , will be coming back .
Best nutrition store in Vegas ! How convenient that they ' re at the mall too ! Ian was helpful too . I usually go to the Eastern location , & this location is equally helpful & awesome .
This is the bagel I have grown up with . It ' s hot , warm , just melts in your mouth for the first 24 hours after there made . These are the best bagels in Toronto .
Excellent authentic food ! ! Very casual dining . Great drink specials . We ' ve gone a few times with a larger group and everyone has always been pleased . Very reasonably priced menu .
Honest , fast , and efficient - that ' s a trifecta in my book ! There are still honest folks and happy to recommend T & M !
This place is delicious and the service is great ! The food is the best I have had ! ! ! ! ! The spring rolls are my favorite ! ! ! !
While the service here isn ' t the fastest the food is pretty delicious . I enjoy my meal every time and am disappointed that they have closed .
Best people to work with , could of put in a new ice maker and new disposal . . Instead fixed in 15 min . . And laughed with me . .
Ton of choices , samples offered n the staff who appeared to be owner n daughter were very friendly .
Mark is very professional and prompt . My business faces West and the rolling shades they installed work great for keeping the sun and heat out . They look great and price was right .
This place is great , I always go here before seeing a show at the colosseum . . . I have only ordered the pork tenderloin . . . . that tamale is life changing . . . .
I LOVE Chima ! We went there in October for our anniversary and I am IMPRESSED ! Wonderful service and atmosphere . Food was off the charts !
Excellent seafood all you can eat great for the value . Oysters , sushi , salads and desserts included . Great service .
Simply the best ! ! We had a BLAST ! Highly recommend that everyone see these DIVAS werk it ! My faves were Diana Ross , Pink , and Tina Turner . : )
I hired these guys to take care of the furniture in my apartment , they were friendly , nice and most importantly FAST ! Highly recommend these guys and will use them again in the future for sure .
5 stars for great service 5 stars for great prices 5 stars for great selections 5 stars for small amounts of rice A Must Order : paprika seared salmon and there ' s something wrong roll
Best fish tacos ever . So happy to have Coconuts in Chandler . Used to drive to Scottsdale for them . Great casual atmosphere .
I Love this place for food , fun , cocktails ! Its just a happening kind of a place with beautiful people
Very clean , organized , friendly and fun . Thanks for the respectfully service . I ' ll be coming back for sure !
This place is sooo cute ! Went for happy hour and enjoyed all the food and of course the margaritas ! Marcus ( bartender ) was great ! Will definitely be back !
Excellent breakfast . Extremely homey . Guy fireri approved . This place should have all the stars .
Everything is good ! Coffee , food , staff ! And locations ! Comfortable place I love it ! 居心地最高コスパもいいですよ是非ラスベガスに来たら寄ってみてくださいね ( * - * )
Love this place . I love the spicy miso soup , and how they put cucumbers with their seaweed salad , I honestly order from here 4x a month . Sometimes more
Great place dents . Today ( Kirsten ) she ' s cleaned my teeth she did awesome jobs . I would recommended Thank y Kirsten
Best boba tea shop in Vegas ! ! Everyone ' s friendly , knowledgeable and so professional . When I just don ' t know what I ' m in the mood for , their recommendations never disappoint
Buy one get one free roll . Delicious sushi . Great prices . The service is great and friendly . It ' s a great hole in the wall that ' s tucked away in the corner .
Nicole is amazing and she ' s my go - to nail tech . Super sweet woman , amazing nails , and customer service oriented .
Excellent tasting food . If in the area I have to stop and eat here . I like everthing on the menu the carne asada tacos are the best . Not pricey .
Love this place . Great service and awesome food ! ! ! ! Did I mention the coffee is the bomb : )
Quick and easy lunch . Great location with a lot of parking . I love the fish burrito but everything I ' ve had here is tasty .
First time rhere , Hannah was the lady who did my gel manicure and pedicure . She did a fantastic job , super friendly and great attention to detail work .
EXCELLENT ! Everything ordered was so fresh and flavorful - the decor is wonderful and the service great ! I ' m already excited to come back - highly recommended !
The service was great and they were very polite . The bartender was very attentive and the live band was gr areas well . Nice atmosphere and cowboy bars and restaurants don ' t get enough good publicity .
Amazing food . Jerk chicken poutine is must try . Jerk chicken dinner is good too . The chicken is nice and moist .
Great food great service great place overall ! ! ! The Italian pizza was amazing ! The service was quick and the restaurant was very friendly with our 3 little kids ages 1 , 3 , 8 .
I come here often because the lunch specials ROCK ! cup of soup and half sandwich is a deal .
review for the hotel . i give it 5 . clean spacious affordable and comfy . definitely recommend this place .
I love Ramen and this place definitely knows how to satisfy what my tastebuds desire . Not only their food was tasty and delicious but our server was very kind and welcoming .
The staff was super nice and food is 10 / 10 . The employees have an astounding sense of humor and will take care of your every need . I would recommend .
best cakes ever try it and i swear youll never want any other cake . amazing staff always so friendly and helpful .
Wonderful restaurant . Food , service , atmosphere , and mission are all fantastic . Especially love the sweet potato hash . Highly recommend for breakfast , lunch , or a cup of coffee .
This is where it ' s at . The best soul food in town . Prices really cater to working class folks . I love the food and service . Family oriented and great atmosphere .
I signed up , they came out were very professional and very nice . I highly recommend LV Pest Control .
Food is great . Local fast casual . It ' s Hummus ala Cipolte . The falafel bowl with spicy hummus and assorted toppings is delicious and filling
My girlfriend and I love this place ! We drive from north phoenix just to eat here . Everything they make is so delicious ! I hope they never change a thing .
Amazing fun environment . I ' ve been going to rosey for over 3 years . Won ' t go anywhere else
the best coffee house ! ! they have excellent wifi ! excellent coffee & tea ! excellent service ! excellent everything ! what else do u need ( :
Staff are friendly and knowledgable . They have TVs set up that you can watch while you ' re in their massaging chairs getting work done . It ' s a great , comfortable place !
U have to know where the remote is lucky the cubs weren ' t playing or that would have costed 2 - 3 stars . Chi - Town , Giordano ' s
Really good , really fresh . If you like it spicy don ' t be afraid to ask for " 10 " when you are asked for your spice preference from 1 - 10 .
Fun atmosphere ! We had excellent service ! The manager was super helpful and sweet and went the extra mile for our party of 6 ! The food & drinks were delish ! I will definitely go back !
Quick food and always taste good and fresh . Awesome unique bathroom nice outdoor eating area . The gouda cheeseburger is a must try
Always good service . The area ' s best kept secret . Quiet dining , delicious entrees and attentive Mgmt and staff .
Visiting from out of town and needed my nails done . Did the most amazing job ! Definitely coming back when I come back in town
Our favorite Indian restaurant in the Pittsburgh area . Great food and great service . Reasonable prices . Try the cauliflower appeetizer ( I forget the name ) and the chicken chettinadu .
Motorsport zum Anfassen ! ! Hier kann man sehen wie ein professionelles Rennteam arbeitet ! ! Als deutscher Tourist wird man überhäuft mit Informationen , Aufklebern , Autogrammkarten usw . . . ! ! ! ! !
This place has really improved . It used to suck but lately the service is good and the food is delicious . I totally recommend it .
I just brought my fiancee to get her hair done and we both enjoyed the out come of her hair dew .
Simply sublime - Quiet and wonderful ! and yes , they have a huge collection of firearms ! kinda like redneck meet art - amazing flintlocks - Loved it and Claudia was happy !
We love going to Smile Reef , all of the staff is very friendly and always make my kids feel at ease . Dr Jensen is the best .
This place is the BEST ! ! Never disappointed . Always a great massage . Clean , friendly , amazing service , great prices ! !
Bar très charmant , tacos très correct et les boissons chaudes sont très originales ! ! Je recommande chaudement ; - )
The Boston cream filled donut and the cake donuts were both top notch . I ate the cake donut slowly because I was driving but it let me savor the crunchy exterior even more .
Great customer service , they care about your vehicle ! The manager is great the workers work hard . They take care of your car like it ' s there own . Definitely coming back many more times .
Will for sure come back . Still figuring out my pen . But hay its life lol Thx u to owners / managemet for feedback . Much respect .
Had the Cajun Ranch and Teriyaki boneless , both were great . Swirly French fries also delicious . Have great lunch special from 11 - 2 . Highly recommend !
Love the wings here ! ! The owner Suki is so nice , remembers my gf ' s name when we come in . The lemon pepper wings are amazing ! !
I love the BLT . Every time I have gone there it has been fabulous . The staff does everything they can to make it a great experience .
Loved working with Tami . She sent a few referrals and she was always extremely reliable and got things back to me right away . Great person to do a mortgage with !
Second time at this dentist and they are so accommodating . I went in for some X - rays and they were even able to fit me in for a couple fillings on the spot . Highly recommend .
Amazingly Delicious ! ! ! ! Visiting from Chicago and felt like some chicago style pizza . As ALWAYS Giordanos delivers . Great job keeping your national franchises up to par .
Dinner - green Thai curry - divine ! !
Now these guys serving falafel , and so far in in charlotte this is the best falafel i have ever test so try those guys out
Omg fanominal experience . Food fanatics . Service incredible . Clean . Fast . Just great
This place is my favorite sushi place in AZ so far . The food is delicious and the wait staff was super helpful and knowledgeable .
very nice staff . Really like the smoothies . They are able to make everything very fast . I wish I had one of these by my house . I enjoyed the green good and the bee resilient .
Lovely bakery . Cute and unique atmosphere , delicious food .
Fifth time here and every time the service is great and the food is amazing . I can watch the game or have a quit meal . Good job and thanks .
Great for breakfast . Service was good . I would highly recommend this place .
When I come to vegas I always try to visit this place . It has such good food , service , free internet , and a great place to relax .
This was my first time having Greek food and it was super tasty good ! : ) Everything was cooked well and the tzatziki sauce was delicious too ! ^ . . ^
Wonderful pizza and nice staff . Pizza is crispy and delicious . Wings are Alonso really good and covered in sauce .
Great selection of dog treats ! They looked so good , I wanted to buy some for myself . Huge selection of toys . I will definitely be back ! So glad I found this place .
The best Ruben wrap I have had . Passing through town and found this little place . I ' ll be going out of my way to go back . Lol
Great food . Hummus is absolutely amazing . At first , location seems kinda odd but it ' s pretty perfect . Love this place .
This place surprised on how good it ' s food is ! I ordered delivery and everything was spot on and delivered to me early . I will be ordering delivery from here again , for sure .
The service was great and the food . Also , for an expensive restaurant the portions are great . Are there for the first time in October and I was pleasantly surprised !
Delicious . . I ' ve been seeing the menus forever and I finally made it in ! You don ' t have to have meat at every meal
I had a great experience at Nails 20 / 20 ! I am visiting my parents from Washington and will definitely come back here when I am in town !
The price is reasonable ! The environment is new , clean and pretty . This is going to my go to nail salon .
Lunch specials were awesome ! The eggplant fries are incredible ! Everything was perfectly prepared and presented and the service was top notch and friendly .
Love this place . Visited locations in Tucson for years . Glad to finally have one in Phoenix . Sammy dog is the best . Two Bacon wrapped dogs in 1 bun . Best Sonoran dogs around .
A cool place to have coffee or grab a tea . 1 min walk distance to Eaton Center and Hudson Bay . Great location
Can ' t beat this place for a great burger . Beer selection is excellent and a fun atmosphere waits inside . A must see !
Plenty of convenient parking , craft beers on tap beautiful waitresses delicious food a jukebox big screen TV and bar top machines everything you want in a neighborhood bar .
As always Starbucks delivers great service and has wonderfully good food . They even sent me a free drink cupon for my birthday . I was so excited .
Our first visit was for the 3000 mile service / maintenance . We were impressed with every aspect of this dealership : clean & pleasant environment ; friendly staff ; thoroughness of the maintenance check .
Everything we ' ve tried on the menu has been exceptional ! Butters is our go - to breakfast spot . I ' d highly recommend the Wildberry Bliss Pancakes . Delicious !
Never had a bad experience here . The Texas po boy is always my go to . Highly recommend this place to anyone .
Fantastic Lao food in Madison . While I should have ordered the four star heat level , the food was wonderful and the vegetarian options very numerous .
Live like a king . Great food , great pool , great view .
The best find near the JW Marriott . The best coffee I have ever had and the salmon Caesar wrap was amazing . Will definitely be back .
Love the chicken chipotle pizza along with the stuffed pizzas . There are at least three or four appetizers that are top notch as well . This place is always crazy crowded , but the food is excellent .
Pam Foster is extremely helpful and knowledgeable . I honestly don ' t know what we would have done without her and Sonoran Lifestyle .
loved their chicken wings ! ! ! coconut shrimp was yummy ! love the caribbean theme ! - -
This is my favorite Thai restaurant everytime I come they treat like family ! Plus the food is amazing ! !
Yum ! This was a quick bite as we were walking . Cute little cafe with delicious and strong coffee , with a chocolate crepe ! There ' s also free wifi .
It ' s pretty much as you expect for the money . Nothing to complain in terms of food but in comparison to barbarians it is more expensive . . . And no pickled vegetables for appetizers : (
Great customer service knowledgable staff and had the ' Rachel ' / Rueben based on recommendation of staff and it was great . Free fountain drink with check - in didn ' t hurt either .
My family comes just for the Flauntas , , can ' t find them anywhere else close , , and they are delicious !
Perfect grab and go place , or even sit down and catch up with work or friends . Friendly staff and the best part , delicious coffee . Excited to see what this place turns into .
Mouth full of Hawaii flavor here ! ! Delicious food ! Get your food early cause they get busy . Missed out on the musubi cause the party before me bought them out . Next time . . .
This Giant Eagle is ultra convenient because it ' s smaller but still carries everything I need . It even has state liquor . Would definitely recommend .
Spot on . These loaded dogs will surely not disappoint . A handful of different options to choose from . The pretzel bun was a nice touch .
Best alcoholic / cigar store out their , wish they had one in San Angelo . I ' ve bought plenty of drinks from here for the best prices .
I love this gym and my kids enjoy coming to their ChildCare . They are great with my children and I really appreciate all the staff there . Everyone is awesome ! ! !
wonderful presentation , amazing food : ) clean restaurant and reasonable prices . servers are friendly and accommodating .
Yumm ! Salted carmel yumm , raspberry yumm ! 4 dollar creme brulee yummmmmm !
Dinner was great last night ! Good food , amazing service . We stayed after dinner for a few cocktails and the AWESOME dj . Great spot .
Love this place . Good bars , great pool , good people . Highly recommendable .
Go there and ask for the babka . Chocolatey deliciousness ! Highly recommend this spot .
great service , thnx will visit soon again , the owners should update the yelp comments , this is under new management , new owner . all negative comments are from the previous owners .
Been here several times . Love the Menudo on the weekends ! The girls upfront always have a smile . Surf and turf is a great one too !
I prefer the ultimate package . Not the basic or the high priced value but they do a great job on keeping my ride on fleek .
Alonda was very helpful and super nice ! she helped my boyfriend and I print some important documents and was very personable . will definitely be returning for our Shipping / printing needs !
So good ! The crazy kinds of fries they have here are crazy - delicious ! And they made their ice cream on site . Yum !
Great flavors . I like that there ' s lots of stuff on the app menu you don ' t normally find . Quick delivery ! Worth the price
This place is consistently fantastic . My boyfriend and I go here every week , the sushi is always fresh and on point . Staff is always friendly and it ' s a great experience .
Such a delicious coffee in town ! I love the coffee and employees here ! All the employees are friendly and seem to never have a bad day = D and i highly recommend ice hazelnut latte here
Just a quick shout out ! Amazing place . . . the BEST SERVER ! ! # MIrandayourock Scottsdale . . . come join the fun !
I grow up in Asia and this is the only Japanese place I eat at . Good food . Good service .
One of the best organic Thai food places in Las Vegas . Absolutely amazing food !
I always have the best finds here ! ! I never find good clothes , but I ' ve come up on Sephora brand makeup . I usually get alot of things for my house here too !
Had a wonderful meal and experience . The atmosphere was fun and food delicious . We had a few signature cocktails served up by Jake who was AWESOME . Will come back and suggest you all visit .
I have never been disappointed with Kneaders . Sandwiches , soup , cinnamon rolls are all amazing !
Very delicious tea served here . Try the Oolong . Great spot for relaxing , studying or reading a book . Only complaint they run out of bagels etc if you don ' t go early on weekends .
Great food I had the six spice chicken it was out of this world I would most definitely come back just for this dish
Showed up on time , moved my piano without any damage or hassle , and were friendly . Will call them again next time we move .
Love the food , love the bartenders especially my girls Stephanie & Daniela ! Best place to hang out any night of the week !
This is best Korean BBQ in Vegas all fresh meet and service is faster I will suggest come here
Found this place on Yelp and was VERY satisfied ! Friendly , great customer service , and clean . Definitely will be going back in the near future
These wings are bomb dot com and the hamburger taste fresh with that charbroiled taste , with crisp vegetables and great steak fries . Little small only about 6 tables
All the locations are convenient easy hours of operations and staff are always friendly ! Price are pretty much compatible with everybody else ! This location it ' s very clean !
Best Thai in Chandler to date . Food isn ' t over drenched with fish sauce like a lot of other Thai places . . .
Typically not a huge fan of sushi but I thought I would try it out . It was amazing . Great service and great food !
Great staff and great donuts ! Good vibe to sit and get a coffee ! The apple fritter is excellent !
Best vegan restaurant ! Must try the Nori rolls , Pad Thai and taco wrap . These are always my go too ! You must try their salted Carmel square dessert . It ' s to die for !
Hidden gem . Great place for a cheap drive though car wad or do it ur self
i just absolutely adore this place . The nicest bartenders , stiff drinks , fun patrons , and pretty okay music .
I ' ve worked with Aerial Eye on several projects and he always impresses with both video and still aerial shots . I will definitely continue to recommend him to my clients .
The ingredients were fresh ( white meat in the Pho ! ) and the fried spring rolls were wonderful . Nice and clean and all the food was so so tasty . I ' ll be back !
As always clean and love the machines ! Thanks to the attendant Lynda she ' s great ! Now has air conditioning much better then last year with the swamp coolers !
Fast & friendly service , consistently delicious , always a favorite ! Parking is convenient and the single fries portion seems bigger than other In N Outs .
I love everyone at this clinic . They are thoughtful and provide excellent care for my dogs . I recommend them to all of my friends .
In a word . . . OUTSTANDING ! Just like their Avon Lake location . Perfectly executed and amazing everything from location to food to scotch selection to wine selection to service . Highly recommend .
This is an absolutely amazing Sushi establishment ! ! ! The very best flavors and the freshest fish and real root wasabi ! ! !
When new management took over they made some nice changes and were extremely friendly . I felt comfortable going to them for anything I needed . A little pricey but for the area it was perfect for us !
Excellent food and service ! Came here for brunch and ordered omelets , pancakes , and skillet eggs . Everything turned out amazing and the service was great ! Highly recommend this spot when In Scottsdale .
1st time here . A very romantic setting . Our waitress Erin just wonderful she was very helpful with the menu . Ahi tuna salad delicious . We will definitely be back
Great tacos , great decor and great service ! I had the Carne and Ahi Tuna tacos . Definitely will be back to try other menu items as well .
Nothing but awesome customer service ! Mike is the man ! Check them out & they ' ll hook you and your car up right !
YEAH ! Best place in the airport !
DELICIOUS ! Tiny place , SO GOOD ! I definitely underestimated this place by its looks ( you know the saying ) but , boy , am I glad I tried it ! Mmmmmmmmmm
I ' ve never had a bad meal here and our server remembered our orders by memory . Food was timely and tasty . Nothing more to say really , if you haven ' t gone please go .
Mathew Hoffman is awesome and helped my girlfriend with her auto accident . I would highly recommend them
Amelie ' s is awesome , the perfect taste of France amidst the beauty of downtown Charlotte . I enjoyed a delicious latte and buttery croissant while relaxing at the bar and interacting with the pleasant staff .
Such a great experience ! ! The food came so fast and was beyond amazing . The drinks were fun and the atmosphere was one of a kind ! It is a MUST for anyone visiting Vegas .
Been out of town the last two weeks in surprise Arizona like working out at this fitness one the one on Litchfield
We saw this show on our last night in Vegas and we enjoyed it so much . The theater is small so there is not a bad seat , and it was such a fun show .
Excellent service and the food was delicious . Loved the decor , too . Had salmon , brussel sprouts and hubby had seafood pot pie . All great !
Everything we have ever had here is amazing . Asada fries are out of this World . Try the carnitas plate off the chain .
See all the legends on one night ! Had a fab time . Good value for money and a very moving finish . The host is amazing ! ! !
We went for my husbands Christmas party and had the whole restaurant . Wow - it was simply perfect . The service was seamless and every course was excellent . Nothing else to write - no complaints .
This was my first time here and could not have been more satisfied . Good quality food and great service . All around great experience . Will come again soon !
Great place for lunch ! I wasn ' t sure about the name , I don ' t usually go for " kitch " but the food is terrific !
I love this ice cream , it is worth every penny . The flavours , oh so many flavors , ugh i cant get enough , definitely my favorite gelateria in town !
Two words . . . . Green Cleaners ! ! ! I love this place .
First time here for me . Very nice and professional . Clean and cool inside . Highly reccomended .
Love the music and vibe here definitely recommend this place drinks are awesome bartenders are very nice and welcoming ! !
Lunch with my sweetie Brian Stephens ! This place has been many different restaurants this is a keeper ! Food and service very good‼
Beef Tips were tender & tasty . Chicken fingers yummy . Prices very reasonable . Check it out for great alternative to the Strip !
It ' s a very small place off Queen St E in Leslieville . Nice patio . The Chilean Churrascos are the best . Very tasty thin slice beef , nice toasted bread , good avocado .
Very professional . Everyone gave great advice and options to get my laptop running faster . The hard drive and ram upgrades were done very quickly at a reasonable price . All in all a great experience !
Hideki is amazing . Unfortunately is no longer live in Toronto but would like to return here when possible .
Wednesday and Thursdays : WONTON soup is now available . Made by the owner ' s mum , it ' s deeeeeelicious and only 3 , 75 $ $
Come here for the chocolate chip cookies ! Best cookie of the year 2017 award well deserved - chewey , thick , and just right amount of sweetness .
Best pizza spot love it and recommend sicilys pizza to everyone .
Simply the best ! Excellent food and service . I highly recommend to anyone looking for something to eat . My new go to place for BBQ .
Service was excellent . Worth the 1 hr wait . Meat was delicious . They cook it for you at your table . Also a plus , kid friendly !
Amazing experience . Best food , and better service ! Try the chicken wings confit !
Small hole in the wall place went here while on vacation and it was great ce with 7 people and everyone liked their food will come back
I purchased three 70 min classic facials with microdermabrasion . Mimi did an amazing job ! She was gentle , informative , and I felt very relaxed after the treatment . I look forward to my next appointment !
The best chicken I ' ve ever had was at Gus ' s World Famous Chicken in Memphis , but this is really close . Next best thing to Gus ' s since I moved to Ohio !
The best Thai restaurant in Cleveland area . The soup is so good . The curry lamb shank is amazing . Also mango stick rice dessert is very good .
I ' ve had sno balls in New Orleans and it ' s exactly like my memory . Really rich flavors and great prices !
After debating for hours about where to eat , we decided to get delivery from dp dough . . . . aaaaaamazing food ! Awesome pleasant surprise !
Today was my first time eating Cambodian food . It was amazing ! So glad we tried it . We will definitely be back !
I loved this place ! ! ! Small family oriented feeling ! ! Crust was amazingly delicious . Will be coming back
When you think of pizza from California , CPK nailed it . The pizzas are very tasty , fresh and different that most pizza places here in PGH . I would recommend the California Club .
I ordered 21 pizzas from Strada241 for my graduation party . The pizzas were perfect and the service was great too .
Very clean salon with excellent services . I highly recommend this salon for pedicures
BOLD flavors without apology . I love this place . I moved to Michigan and missed the Smokey flavor of their tacos and red salsa . Moved back to AZ and had a great meal .
Enjoyed spending my Birthday being pampered and preparing for Halloween with my new " Jack " fingernails and toes amazing . I will be back .
Joey was so helpful , honest , and friendly ! We ' ll definitely be returning : ) fast and efficient service as well
Absolutely amazing food and the service is excellent . Their crispy chicken sandwich and their chicken salad sandwiches are the best . You cannot go wrong when it comes to food at this location
I got the lunch special vegetables noodles here and they were AMAZING ! They were hand - pulled , tasty , and filling !
Awesome and interesting ! Knowledgable staff , great pricing , huge availability . Lowest prices contractor grade level LED lamps in the valley .
All im gonna say is that if a place can make a good Italian sub it means everything else is just as good ! ! And the homemade chips are amazing ! !
I added a star because Brick and Barley has had draft beer in stock more consistently . The staff and patrons are great .
Best soft serve in tahnnnnnn . Tornadoes and dole soft serve are the best ! Nilla wafer , butterfinger , and heath bar .
Love the shaved ice ! Lemon and cotton candy are my favorite ! The friendly staff make every visit enjoyable .
So stinking cute ! ! ! ! Amazing service and amazing food ! ! If you like mimosas they have those too ! ! !
MMMMMMM . The Ellen ' s pizza is my favorite . The crazy salads are wonderful . I like everything about this little place .
AMAZING ! Very talented performer ! Her crew is also very talented ! She made great use of the small stage ! This is an experience I will never forget !
建物は古いが、内装は新しく、中心地までのアクセスが非常に良いホテル。駐車場は有料だが、周囲に比べれば、良心的な価格。今回２泊したが、受付の方の対応も良くまた利用したい。ジャケットを部屋に置き忘れるトラブルがあったが、大事に忘れ物として保管してくれており、感謝。改善して欲しい点は２つ。１） . 朝食に暖かい、オムレツが注文できると嬉しい。2） . エレベータが6機あるが、可動しているのは2機で、朝などは混雑するので、使えると嬉しい。目の前には、美味しい日本料理が楽しめる、豊YUTAKAがあるので、駐在日本人にもお勧め。飲んですぐ帰って寝れます。
Great local deli and awesome fresh meat and cheese selection . It ' s better meat than anything you would pick up in a normal grocery store .
Yummy ! This BBQ is sooo good ! You have to try it ! It will be your favorite in central Phoenix too !
Setting , unique , decor , creative , food - DELICIOUS , service , first rate . Been many times , always consistently excellent , a favourite
Welcome to the neighborhood ! Burgers are very good ! All food was good actually and prices were modest . We will be back .
Good food and service Fast service Best AYCE sushi in Las Vegas Will come again later
Only tried the super nachos and California burrito both great . I recommend the California burrito with french fries and guacamole .
Glad to have that noddle shop in Vegas . I dun need to go to LA : ) I do like special gizzard noodles .
This place is sooooo cute ! ! ! It reminds me of old buildings back in Tehran . Very nostalgic The drink menu is good , but they need to work mire on the desserts !
Another outstanding meal , jyst fantastic , from service to food everything was just first rate . Try the tandoori combo platter . Wow .
$ 3 . 75 for a Honey milk tea . The drink was pretty good . Friendly service . Definitely will come back again if I am in the area .
Beautiful place , very efficient staff , very esthetic , good prices , very good place to sit for coffee or br
You better come hungry , because this place puts lots of everything . Lots of Flavor and the salads are top notch . Owner s a pretty nice guy too . You can ' t go wrong here .
I like their digital perm ! Plus , husband and wife are really nice .
Today was first day to try this place , Julia was very professional and honest . I definitely recommend her .
This is a good wedding chapel , service was excellent , very nice and very lovely , I like there very much ! You can take a look , You will definitely like here !
Joyce is awesome . She really cares about your skin and knows what to do to make it better . Sorry I had to move away from Vegas and her services .
Their sashimi was really good . This place would be good place to go if their place is in Japan . ( I recently moved the States from Japan ) . I definitely come back here !
Chicago Peeps - Authentic Chicago Pizza has been found ! Tried both thin crust and stuffed and both were amazing . The area / location isn ' t ideal , but so worth the drive .
Pricey , but totally worth it . For $ 50 you will have the best meal of your life . If I died and ended up in heaven , heaven would be Chimas .
Really good flavor . Got the rare beef pho , delish ! Very fair pricing . Very clean . Super nice waitress and quick . Glad to have found this gem . Definitely am going back
This is place is a hidden gem . Great pasta and great pizza every time . We love coming here because the flavours are delicious and they have unique ingredients beyond " classical " Italian .
Best BBQ in town . Georgia peach is their default ( and imo best ) sauce if you ' re having trouble choosing . Can get super crowded especially on weekends .
Excellent Indian food , and one of the best in town for takeout . They recently renovated their interior and it is a good place to dine in . Highly recommend it !
Big meals for reasonable prices . Great drinks too . I recommend the bellini ! Will come back when visiting next time .
Excellent pastries and food . The proprietors are helping to gentrify an the area that has been under decay for decades . Good luck to them !
This location wowed me with the extremely friendly staff and everyone was smiling - a diamond in an industrial part of town . What can I say about the food . . . always exactly the same .
I love this little breakfast spot ! It ' s pretty popular now so it does full up fast ! Food is always good and staff are very friendly ! !
I was last night for a confirmation dinner it was fantastic this little gem had amazing food from the pizza the calamari and the veal chop you won ' t be disappointed go check it out
Nice folks . Good food and coffee . Place is clean . Prices are reasonable . I ' ll remember them next time I ' m in town .
shrimp tacos were amazing . . service was good . will come back
I ordered to - go and the service was fast . They have good food and prices . I will definitely go back .
Great place to get service for your auto . The staff is friendly and helpful . I recommend this place to service your car . Plus the $ 9 . 99 oil change is a great price .
Great , speedy , friendly service . Got my furnace working with a quickess , just in time for the first freeze . The repair guy was personable & took time to explain each step to me .
I highly recommend this place , excellent customer service , best place in town if you need a pedicure , ask for Yuma , she ' s excellent .
Good breakfast food . Excellent service . Good value . English Breakfast is really tasty with home fries .
Always a good experience . Good selection of guns and a nice shooting range . Ladies shoot free on Tuesdays ! Thank you Darius for always being so helpful
Come back again and again ! ! ! ! ! ! ! The best pot in town ! And my favorite Xiao long dumplings ! ! ! ! It ' s worth to come back ! ! !
A fantastic experience and concept ! The owners were super nice and the food was fantastic . Highly recommend !
Found this place on accident , and so glad we did ! Food was unique and delicious ! If we are ever back in the area its a definite stop !
Very good food ! Nice clean environment , very pleasant servers . Food took a little long than expected but overall good
Best fish in AZ . Todd turns out phenominal dish after dish . The people and service are great ! No need to go anywhere else ! Chef Jason on the grill in the back will undoubtedly impress !
I love this place . Great food . Open 24 / 7 ! ! ! I always eat here at least twice on my monthly visits to Vegas ! !
Really good ramen . One of the best places ! Everything is literally just so delicious , a must try ! Looks like Kinton ' s got some competition !
They have a great selection of doughnuts , always have been super fresh and tasted fantastic . Great service and good pricing . Get your doughnuts from here , you won ' t be disappointed .
I had Amelia come to the house before my big birthday bash to help glam me up ! ~ She is not only amazing at styling but super fast !
I ' ve been here a few time and have had great service every time ! Love the Wings and the pizza is good also ! Definitely one of our go to spots now !
I love this place they have a great selection and are very helpful ! I always get my fix here and they have such a cool assortment of collectible figures and such !
Service was ok , food is good but very pricey considering there are a lot more options to choose from , restaurant is old and needs an update .
We just tried this out today and the food is amazing ! The Chow Mein had tons of assorted fresh veggies and the crab puffs are great . I enjoyed everything I tasted !
I needed to save my favourite pair of jeans and Magic Tailor did the job just needed . Very friendly and professional service , I warmly recommend this store .
Lou is a A + kinda guy and it shows in his work . Never a doubt when I call him to clean the carpets the dogs and kids abuse .
Delicious fish and chips ! Good quality of food for the price point . The staff is also very friendly and attentive ! Definitely a favourite in the neighbourhood !
Their chocolate lava cakes are the best . Specially when they are warm . Always work with quick service and polite attitude . My place to go when I ' m craving pizza .
Bobby from Valley Vista Pool Care is absolutely excellent . We are so happy with his professional and friendly service . A very nice guy too . We highly recommend him and his company .
Best Teriyaki in Mesa . Tell me a better place and I ' ll give it a try . Fresh and just good .
Did Dave B . just call my neighborhood crappy ? Cute , sparky . Cute . Anyway , this place has , without a doubt , the best burgers in Phoenix .
This place is great ! ! ! Wonderful service and friendly people ! ! ! We will be coming again soon !
Best service ever . The Food was flavorful . I alway love going to Chili ' s and I would go back to that location again and again and again .
loved it , lunch was the best today , and I didnt feel guilty at all eating my fill . because most items are pretty healthy
Amazing food ! ! I go here at least once a week . Love there steak bowl and baklava . Very professional and great customer service . Would recommend to anyone .
Not only is the food absolutely fabulous but the service is the best in town . Everybody has a smile on their face and is happy to be working here . Owner is awesome ! Check it out .
Classic Pittsburgh stop ! Whenever we return to Pittsburgh we make time for this iconic sandwich .
Awesome barbeque in meager settings . The focus in this joint is definitely the meat . Dont expect any fancy drinks just great BQ
Greeted right when you walk in . Service was very attentive , food was so good , and honey toast was sweet and HUGE ! !
The guys that work here do the BEST job ! ! ! Regardless of who you get , they are ALL so fast ! A lot of choices . Love it here .
The food was great and very fast and friendly service . I ordered the 5 taquitos and a salad . The taquitos had lots of chicken . Great taste .
The best place in town . . Very homey great feeling . . Everything I ' ve tried on menu is incredible ! ! Great service even better food ! !
Best Wor Won Ton in the world . Amazing . Staff knows all the regulars , and makes everyone feel welcome .
I have been going to MC Hair for 22 years and have never found anyplace better ! Lauren is the BEST !
Please for the love of all that it is holy and awesome - order the broccoli rabe . THE BEST SANDWICH I ' ve ever eaten really !
really great service and food . I love the whole concept of this restaurant . we all had such a great time . thank you .
My favorite kbbq in Vegas . Service is always friendly and food is on point . Atmosphere is trendy , just a great place to have dinner with friends or even a date .
I had a Brazilian of 6 sessions . I am very happy with the result and service . Defiantly will be back !
great place . i get my cars washed and waxed here and also oil changes . always professional and quick - great value
It ' s fantastic ! Definitely a 5 Star sushi restaurant ! It ' s the best sushi in Henderson , NV .
Excellent customer service . Awesome drinks . I usually get the Sea salt cold brew , and they always ask to make sure it ' s to my liking ( sweetness etc )
Haven ' t had a carne asada burrito this good since I lived in the Mission District of San Francisco . Delicioso .
Friendly knowledgeable and great prices my new spot for sure . I little further away from where I live but well worth the drive .
Truly tasted like I was in someone ' s home . The home of someone who knows how to burn ! The food was really good ! No ambiance necessary when the meal is done right .
Great food for a reasonable price ! Not far from convention center . They just expand d and now have a huge dining room good for groups . Consistently good food .
Heaven . Pure heaven . Love to try the samples - so make sure you try all their flavors . They are pricey but they are very worth it !
Este lugar esta a todo dar ! Been getting a hair cut from their barber Jose for years and he ' s the best barber I ' ve ever had ! Great place .
Ein weiteres gutes Restaurant auf der 4 . Straße . Gutes , zum Teil vegetarisches essen , gute Weine , entspannte aber dennoch gehobene Atmosphäre . Zum Mittag oder zum Abend . Sehr schön !
Been coming here for years , just letting you know they have a lunch menu they dont give out unless you ask since its such a steal . your welcome
Amazing food , great drinks , friendly staff . And you must treat the hard working kitchen staff to a round to see what happens . Do not miss this when visiting Cleveland .
You can ' t go wrong eating here if you are in the mood for hotdogs . Everything tastes great , the service is quick , and the staff are friendly .
Kim was the best . Excellent people skills and just a really great woman ! ! ! Thank you Kim . Will definitely be back ! ! !
Excellent Japanese style crepes really good . They have a menu and you can also create your own . My favorite are the creme brûlée and the fruitella . The creme brûlée is extremely delicious .
We ' ve been taking our pup to this location to get her nails done and get some supplies if needed . Good prices and excellent customer service .
Very unique and different . Nice . They will explain the dishes . Very helpful . Clean . Wide variety of foods .
Love this indian restaurant . Service is great and food is astonishing . Prices are alright you do eat a lot for what you pay for .
Delicious pizza and pasta . The service was really kind , we liked that . Recommended if you are craving for Italian food on Spadina
Had the Carne Asada burrito , it was fresh and delicious ! ! Plus watched novellas and hot women on Univision : ) great quick spot for lunch for downtowners that want good Mexican food .
Best pizza , salad , and bruschetta this side of the Valley . We took out 3 pizzas , salad , and three different bruschetta . Loved everything ! So , so good .
This place is great . Well worth the drive from Vegas . Good service , Great food and open airy atmosphere . I will go back for sure .
Very unique atmosphere and ordering setup . Great , big draft beer menu . Tons of whiskeys and tequilas to choose from as well . Awesome food .
Very relaxing massage and really clean atmosphere , I went with my husband on our lunch brake after a stressful morning . Thank you , you guys are awesome
The drinks are amazing ( Try the Okinawa coffee ! ) , the staff is friendly & the atmosphere gives out chill vibes . Their playlist is perfect too .
Great space , great sound , great owner . Best place in Phoenix to see a band .
Enjoyed the house fried rice . Staff was courteous and the restaurant and kitchen appeared very clean . I would return again .
Friendly service advisors ! They were able to get my car in and out of service very quickly . My car was washed and vacuumed too ! I would definitely recommend Volkswagen North Scottsdale to everyone !
One of the best , if not the very best Brazilian steakhouses in Ontario . Very Well served meats of many variety , love coming here and the waiters / waitresses are just wonderful people
Duffs I think by far the best chicken wings in the city of Toronto always fresh and delicious
Best guacamole in Ohio . This place continues to exceed expectations every time I come here . Get there before they open at 5 if you don ' t have a reservation . They fill up in minutes .
Fast with excellent quality . Many techs . Appointments accepted . Open long hours Monday - Saturday .
Probably my favorite pizza place ! The pizza is so good ! ! ! Me and my girlfriend love coming here at least one a week ! Highly recommended ! ( :
I bought a coupon from LivingSocial . com for a steal and the service was amazing . I would go back here anytime .
Still incredible , indulgent sandwiches . There ' s a reason this place is constantly mobbed .
My son LOVES water thanks to the amazing staff at Hubbard - Mesa River View . We really enjoy our time in the water together and our classmates that have become such good friends !
Came here for Restaurant Week and got the tender , fall off the bone pork . It was amazing . I can ' t wait to come back .
My daughter and I have been coming to him for the last few years and he is AWESOME ! A real family doctor that cares about us . Highly recommend him !
Super clean movie theaters ! Staff is sweet and helpful . Will definitely be coming again !
Sushi was great . Our server , a cheerful navy veteran , had served in Okinawa and was able to share several Sake traditions . We capped off everything with the fried banana desert . Definitely recommend it .
The owners make EVERYTHING from scratch ! The BEST bagels in the state ! ! ! Italian cookies are awesome ! They have scratch made donuts on the weekend . . . They ' re amazing too !
Fish to rice ratio is way better than I ' ve seen at most places ! They restored my faith in good sushi after a tragic dinner at sushimon .
What a great place . I was looking for something very specific and Greg was so informative . Will keep going back here .
The service here was pretty good . The line was a little long but it moved pretty quickly . The reps there are quick and efficient ; very knowledgeable . Glad this location is closest to me !
We did not eat but everyone around us did . It smelled and looked great . The happy hour was a great deal and the wine pour were generous for the cost
Amazing food but what was even better was the server , Billy is a must have as your server he will make it the best most unforgettable experience you will ever have . thanks Billy
Such a beautiful park ! ! It ' s a good spot for taking pictures because of the rainbow poles . Also a great place for pets . So peaceful at night
Never fails I love this place and the service especially the food they always hook it up
I have always had a great experience . Leann is my favorite person to color my hair . Great price and service !
Just wow , always been outstanding as a choice for food in the " mountains " . Try calamari
Nice place . Friendly , fast service . Accommodating . Surprisingly varied menu . Fresh , tasty food . Would definitely return .
Very credible company . If you have questions and call them , ask for Tom . He loves helping all customers with ALL types of questions .
La comida estuvo riquísima cada ves que llego a comer con mi hija nos vamos muy contentas porque la comida está bien buena y el servicio está maravilloso
5 Stars for the Flames ! All because Vancouver sucks and Edmonton blows ! ! Let ' s go Flames ! ! !
By far is the best korean bbq i have ever had . Thanks for delicious food and good service , you will be seeing me more .
I come here all the time pizza amazing and chicken fingers are top knotch I recommend this place to any locals that are looking for great place to eat
Amazing ! ! It ' s hard to find GREAT customer service these days , but this sandwich shop and location has mastered it ! Awesome food and AMAZING customer service ! !
Failed to gouge me . Very upsetting , now I must spend my money on booze & hookers . This place also does this thing where they Listen . Very bizarre .
The best shawarma in town ! Great food and a very nice team . We go there at least twice a week . Always fresh !
This place was a fun environment even for a Tuesday afternoon . Bartender was polite and attentive thank you for a great experience .
Simply very good . . . Try , and you wouldn ' t regret a bit . Quite authentic too . . . Try black cod ; it ' s a sure must . . .
Every time I go to Vegas day after drinking . This is the best spot for soup oxtail . Food is so delicious . Best hangover cure , brings you back to life .
Eat here . Five of us for brunch all the dishes were great . It ' s on the 10 floor so you ' ll need to take the elevator . Make reservations . Service was excellent .
Great atmosphere , fantastic food , solid beer selection and friendly staff ! You always find better places to eat outside the strip . I ' ll definitely be back next time I ' m in town .
Super quick with take out orders and the food is really flavorful ! We ' ve tried the pad thai , garlic broccoli and beef , and crispy teriyaki chicken and loved them all .
The customer service is great and the people are really nice I ' ve met there . Great selection and better atmosphere .
This place was awesome ! I went her during Restaurant Week . The meat was great especially the filet mignon . I will definitely come back again .
Great vibe and delicious food ! ! My kids loved the pizza in the shape of a fish .
Super fun place to hang out with friends , afterwork get together or fun lunch spot . Food is great ! ! Lots of places to sit and chat and drink ! !
Went to Thailand 1 month ago , this is the most authentic place ive been in Vegas . Very good ! ! !
There are few times that a dish is so well prepared and actually arrives to your room hot and fresh , Trump hotel does it right .
It was our first time here today ! Food and service were excellent , we ' re looking forward to trying more items on the menu !
Chloe is the absolute best ! She can design anything you can imagine ! Her prices are completely reasonable and she ' s super talented , definitely recommend ! !
One of my Favorite places ! The service is good and so is the ambiance . Love the Steak Salad .
Always friendly , upbeat staff . Delicious drinks ! They move through that line quick ! I love my dutch bros !
Couldn ' t think of a bad thing to say . Everyone was so helpful . I would recommend them to anyone looking for a wholesale florist . So thankful I went to them first !
The chicken bowl is a must have this chip and guacamole always a good experience at a good price
Was searching for a really good meaty sandwich and I am so glad we found this place ! Huge juicy sandwiches ! We will definitely be back ! Can ' t wait to try their breakfast .
Amazing pizza ! ! I ordered a pepperoni pizza and added extra mozzarella balls and a fried egg ! Their mozzarella cheese is made in house and it ' s amazing !
One of the best Italian restaurants in Toronto + Kids Friendly .
Sicilys came through for me when i need pizza the most . Prices are great and food is awesome ! Best pizza in Vegas ! !
The best in town can ' t say enough how amazing the entire staff is I have been going to them for years and always refer them to everyone .
Went here last first Friday and the lobster tacos were mighty delicious ! Lobster tots are bombtastic ! Will return . Thank you to all staff and cooks !
Shellyn is the best hair stylist I have ever been to . She knows color and how to mix it to give amazing results ! My blonde hair is so beautiful thanks to her ! Definitely the best !
It was my First time to Mesquite taqueria . Fast service and delicious food ! Steak tacos are amazing , and many topping options . I will definitely be returning !
I really like this place alot there shakes are really addicting , I just want to keep going back . I wish they had more locations that were closer
Saw a great doctor at the center , Nikolina . she is knowledgeable , she listens , she informs you and involves you in health goals .
They have the best pancakes ! Great customer service . Clean environment with outdoor patio seating when the weather is nice .
First time here . Excellent pizza , fresh chunks of mozzarella cheese , meatballs . Salads are very good ! A + + + + + we will be back soon .
Amazing guac and tacos ! Also the lime tart was the best desert I ' ve had in years . This is my new go - to for happy hour after work . Check it out !
Great hidden treasure . . The service is 5 star weather it ' s lunch or dinner . The location is great and I need to remember to go back more often .
Can ' t imagine going anywhere else for an oil change or service . I drive out of my way to go here . Amazing customer service , never pushy .
Great place , food , service ! Nice and clean definitely a lot better than hot n juicy crawfish across the street .
LOVE this pizza - it ' s great . They even have artichoke - my favorite topping ! Fresh and delicious - best pizza in town !
This location I always get the most thorough adjustment , I have seen 2 different doctors and they both do great .
This was a fantastic first VR experience . The employees were super helpful and we had a great time . Unfortunately we were visiting from the US , or else I would be back all the time !
Tako was wonderful . The combination of ingredients in the tacos melded together perfectly to make the taste incredible . It is a place that we will return and try some different tacos .
Best fire brick oven pizza I ' ve had ! I love pizza and this place was a stellar find ! Must try everyone !
Such a great end of my long work day . . Great service and bomb ass food ! Decent price and free desserts if you rate then . . Hence why I am writing a review !
Great service ! Never need an appointment ! All of the technicians are great . Make sure to get a punch card to earn discounts on future services .
Great food and great service . We had the lamb and pizza , and they both were amazing . Waiter was helpful and very knowledgeable about the menu .
Great Mexican food . Been a long customer to this location . Welcome everytime we stop here .
The staff was amazing ! ! A women named Emily was beyond helpful and patience ! the dinning room area was open and clean and the music selection was great as well ! I will definitely be back !
I ordered the first beef noodles option on the menu . The broth was simply amazing and the amount of food enough to end up satisfied . Thumbs up .
Outstanding food . Garlic naan was amazing . We ordered Tikki Masala chicken and lamb in which both were incredibly flavorful . Would go back in a heartbeat .
Very clean and good selection ! I love coming in here on my days off , it ' s relaxing and just a nice atmosphere .
Hands down best sushi in town ! I ' d recommend the Gary or DC roll are my favorites . Fresh and always excellent !
Generous portions - Good Value . Staff was attentive and efficient . Food came out quickly and was at ideal temperature to start feasting ! Have visited previously and will be back again .
I always go to uncle Louie ' s . Always consistent always excellent . The calamari is delicious . As wonderful a glass of Pinot .
Food was excellent as well as customer service . Fast and friendly ! Chicken marsala was incredible !
Fresh cut fries are yummy ! ! Came here for lunch and got a fairway wrap with chicken . . . Really tasty
Winner every time ! Best food , street tacos are fantastic ! Salsa is out of this world ! ! !
Fabulous restaurant , the food is exceptional , the ambience excellent and the delivery exceeds expectations . Now absolute perfect place for an absolute perfect meal , fresh from the farm to you . Elegant , but not formal
Went to Blue Mercury for an eyebrow wax and Jessica did an amazing job . Wish I lived closer to b a regular client . Thanks so much .
Excellent food . Genuine service . A rare find in Las Vegas . Will definitely return . The menu is unique and everything we tried - excellent .
This is the best McDonald ' s ever ! The service is great and employee ( Nigel ) is the absolute best . He always ensures that you are satisfied with every visit .
We used their catering menu for a party of 15 people this week . The food was fabulous and prices reasonable . We will definitely use them again .
Brittany is amazing and has my daughters best interest at heart every visit ! She actually cares for the kids , and that is rare to find these days ! I will never go to another office !
People are very friendly . Very professional when giving piercings . Just wish could grey a sheet with instructions I have very poor sorry term memory .
Great food . The short ribs were delicious as well as the spicy tofu soup . I would recommend this place for lunch .
Great food . Perfect for hanging out . Even ran into an old buddy from my military days in Korea !
La major restaurante con todas las cosas bonitas comidas . Te amo . Nothing is this good in all of Phoenix . Thank you for coming up from Tucson ! ! !
Thèy are very professional and aesthetically pleasing ! We celebrated our 6 year anniversary there and they made us feel at home !
WOW ! Everything from drinks to appetizer to sushi was AMAZING ! ! ! ! I had the Lychee Mojito - my new fave drink thanks to room18 : )
They have wonderful service and food is delicious . I would highly recommend you go here . Atmosphere is warm and cozy .
I love this place . Movies with awesome seating , bowling , games and a bar . Worth my buck every time .
Great happy hour ! Loved the shrimp cocktail , calamari and the wedge salad . I will be back again soon !
It ' s a fantastic little sit down restaurant with authentic ethnic cuisine . I definitely recommend it if you ' re looking for somewhere nice to go .
This is my favorite spot to have my suits tailored . Tucks , shortening , sizing , whatever you need , she ' s got you ! Also the prices are phenomenal , which never hurts
Two dishes that I always order when I ' m with my man : vietnamese beef carapaccio and goi ga : 9 Never fails to make me happy
Super classy ! An amazing local casino and resort ! Definitely coming back ! Just beautiful , every where you look , the architecture , the slots , very very cool !
Great teas and excellent boba . I recommend this cute little place to everyone who likes all sorts of drinks , especially milk teas .
I love this place ! ! ! They make the best Chicken tikka masala in the world . They use the freshest ingredients & the garlic nann is amazing ! Tess B .
Thank you Chris for getting us in Palms clubs , we had a great time !
Their naked butter chicken with jambalaya rice and butter chicken wrap , Amazing ! ! ! Haven ' t tried anything else but I ' m sure their whole menu is 10 / 10 .
Staff was really friendly . . . i love that this is located close to where i live . I didnt have to wait to shoot .
Great Starbucks ! Great service ! All the employees work really hard and even thought the place is very small it gets very busy because of the location . But still I never had a slow order !
One of the best experience to do in Las Vegas . The staff was amazing and very accommodating . Thanks for the memories Las Vegas ATV tours ; )
Dave is honest and courteous . I highly recommend his services . You know that it will be done right and at a fair price .
I Think I Had More Fun Here Than My Kids ! Lol But It Was Our First Time At A Place Like This & My 7 Year Old & 3 Year Old Daughters Had So Much Fun !
I am almost a regular there since they ' ve open . Great service but sometimes slow . But the food is great , the servers are nice and the price is right .
Really great crust . This place is a fantastic hidden little gem ! Try the Arrabiata , it ' s a winner !
Great for a quick , decent price lunch downtown ! They ' re downstairs at the Oxford building . They are cash only ; but there ' s an ATM in the same area !
Best Mac ' n Cheese in Charlotte . Everything we ate exceeded our expectations and the service was great . The meatball dinner entree is a must try .
Best fish and chips . Hands down . Very good home made clam chowder . Excellent prizes and service
One of my favs , staff outstanding , 150 sauces made daily , a book for a menu , and then there is the cheesecake if u ' v got room . Enjoy .
Nice Korean BBQ restaurant . Great value and service . Would go back next time when I ' m in town . : )
I had the chili cheese dog and chili cheese fries both were great . fast service and people we nice . if you like chili dogs try this place I will be back ! ! !
Had their Mother Earth the other day - a friend had a bunch in her fridge and shared with me . So delicious . Love Juice Core and the ladies behind it .
They are the best here . They really bond with the dogs , who they also refer to as the babies . Ask for Charlene . She is the best !
Fantastic salon ! Beautiful inside and very nice staff . Very accepting of walk ins . Huge selection of shellac colors .
Another Great Meal I Love Everything About This Place ! Love The Owner / Chef She is Amazing !
The food was excellent . Our waitress , Maria , was super friendly and very helpful . Would definitely visit again when I ' m in the area .
The only fault I could find is that I didn ' t receive the Cucumber Martini recipe - They have so kindly emailed that to me - so now I would say this restaurant is virtually perfect !
I have been there several times with multiple guests . The food has always been the best I have had in the Phoenix area . The service has always been good as well .
Awesome Kalbi . Al 4 of us ate it and we loved it . We just arrived recently from a trip to Hawaii and this place can compete
Very cute store with so many flavors ! They have ice cream and sorbet options . They have some classic flavors and lots of non - traditional tastes as well . Love the toasted marshmallow !
very nice and clean . plenty of parking .
Absolutely amazing food and setting ! Margaritas are out of this world , and the wings in fish sauce are the best wings I ' ve ever had !
Beast seafood in Scottsdale that I know of , dinner only but worth the wait . The tenderloin with demi is awesome
Great job Carlo . He was thorough , professional , on time and courteous . Great price , great people , and might I reiterate on time .
Love Mor furniture , fantastic customer service ! ! !
One of the best Greek dinners we ' ve had outside of Athens . Delicious food , reasonable prices , quick service . Highly recommend !
Loved loved this place ! They give attention to detail and actually care about the outcome ! My pedicure was amazing !
My mom needed a color correction with partial highlights and trim . Not only did they do a great job but they were very professional and their price were reasonable . Will definitely come back here again .
Love this place . The drinks are strong , bartenders are friendly , and duck wings to die for . Highly recommended .
Best Hibachi style restaurant in Cleveland . Lots of fun . . . . . . and the food was really good ! Great service all around too ! Your welcome Cleveland
Awesome place . Brisket is the best . Ribs ok . Melt in your mouth . Beans rock . Kids loved them . Prime rib very good at the # 2 spot .
Dynamite and Jackpot ! ! ! ! ! ! Sooooo good ! The food came soo quick and the servers are so nice ! Love it here ! Definitely coming back to try more food
Great hotel . I ' ve never stayed here but I did last . Ugh tabs it was wonderful . Great price too on priceline express deals 5 star north of strip . The jacuzzi tub was the best
This is the Best Boba Place in Las Vegas . My go to boba drink is Jasmine Milk tea and the one that they have here is very fresh and not heavy like other bubble tea places .
Thank you for the fabulous mani - pedi day . Awesome , clean Nail salon . Would definitely go back
Great atmosphere and wonderful service . Definitely worth a visit . Very modern . Will definitely come back again .
First time I joined a gym . And im having a good time and I love working out . I feel so much better . The employees are great always have a smile on there faces !
I ' ve eaten here a few times , it ' s always been good . Love the sushi , num num num . Must try the short ribs , so yummy . Thanks everyone at Kabuki
We went there to get an uber inspection and we where in and out in 10 min the guys there where kind and considered we had no problems with them
I used them yesterday for my little girl . They were amazing . I would highly recommend .
My favorite breakfast place , I love it so I keep going back . Big size breakfast for such a low price and the staff is great .
This place rocks the dogs . Clean , fast and friendly . The dogs are great ; best dogs in AZ for sure !
I have been here several times and they are always attentive and helpful . They staff is knowledgeable and they actually listen to the patient and what their concerns are . I would recommend Procare Medical Center
My favorite butts in Las Vegas and they ' re free to touch .
Very good food . It ' s hard to find good gyros in Vegas and the slice of pizza is huge . Overall a very good value . Can ' t wait to go back again .
Hands down my new favorite boba place . My go to is the house milk tea , but you can ' t really go wrong with any of the flavors here .
I really loved this place , totally different cookies with ice cream in the middle something i would of have never guess . . Awesome . . .
Great BBQ ! I had the Mac and cheese bowl with brisket on top ! Very tasty ! ! Staff was very fun ! Need to stay open later but otherwise worth the trip !
We love this place ! Food is always excellent and service is great ! Today , Veronica was wonderful ! ! We will definitely be back !
Love this place , I get the $ 7 lunch special almost every day . Just call ahead and they will have it ready for you . Staff is friendly and food is great
Great ambiance as it ' s built out of an old women ' s prison . The food is sensational and the service is fantastic .
Friendly staff . Easy transaction . Waited a total of 15 mins and my problem was fixed . thanks apple !
Really great hotel , BIG family size rooms with beautiful awesome location , the miracle mile shops are near the lobby !
Love this Hertz location . Staff is always helpful and kind . I feel it is the best place to rent a car . I highly recommend you rent from them !
Made it back , and had a much better experience . So glad this place is still around after Gallo Blanco went bye , bye . The service was superb . Food is absolutely amazing .
Absolutely the single nicest room at a Hotel that I ever had . Wonderful . Expensive ? Yes . Extravagant ? For sure ! Top of the line from top to bottom ? Absolutely .
Cindy Speas & her crew are the best ever ! Super friendly & extremely talented . Highly recommend to any / everyone who wants top notch hair services .
Arf , les souvenirs que j ' avais de ces Bagels ne m ' ont pas trahi ! Toujours aussi excellents , a déguster sur le chemin du retour et essayer d ' en avoir pour le lendemain !
Signed these guys up to help unload a 20 foot POD and they didn ' t blink an eye , great group of guys , personable and professional , and got the job done very quickly !
Amazing salad and rotisserie chicken ! My favourite is their Boho Flock salad - everything is so fresh and the chicken is amazing with chimichurri sauce !
The fact that this place exists makes the jubilant child like anticipation of Christmas warm and burn in my heart - and that is priceless .
Excellent family - owned restaurant . Great food . Breads are made at a viewing station which is fun .
In a word , EXCELLENT ! Great food , service , ambiance , portion sizes and price . Can ' t ask for more !
Extremely friendly and great service , my new favorite foot spa ! Will definitely be back
Ohhhh yes . Ohhhhhh yes yes yes yes yes yes yes . . . . Mmmmmmmmmm . Yes . Filet mignon & truffle mashed potatoes . That is all .
I can ' t say enough about Barrio . It is in expensive and yet they will be the best tacos of your life ! Every location is always packed and for good reason . You must try !
Best starbucks in my area ! I love it . The clover is delicious the employees are so helpful and i always leave with a happy face ! !
Great pizza and wings with a friendly atmosphere and great service . No fufu pizza here , just classic pizza in all its glory !
We checked in last night . The room was specious , and very clean . We had a nice breakfast on the lobby . The food and services was great .
Love this place . Very good selection of hookah pipes shishas and more . The food here is the best . thanks
Excellent choice for our trip , a lot of selection and all fresh . Worth to give it a trip i
Highly recommend ! I was very happy with the quality of the fish and the presentation . They serve large portions and the quality is excellent . This is my new go to spot when I visit Vegas .
Margaret was fantastic . My dress came in looking bulky and weird and left looking perfect . And the cost was very affordable . I would definitely recommend this place .
I was a non sup believer . But this place has earned my business back . Anchovy fries are worth a try ! Moscow mules are the best in all of Charlotte !
Finally somewhere that treats my big rotties amazing ! They come back clean and happy ! We ' ve been coming for over a year now and I honestly want to go no where else !
Friendly customer service . Requested lunch items during breakfast hours , they were more then happy to accommodate me . Would recommend this location . P . S . I went through the drive thru .
If I had to choose one place to eat every single lunch and dinner for the rest of my life , it would be here . I miss Haji Baba more than anything about living in Tempe .
Great service , great price , knowledgable crew ! What else can you ask for ! ! Will use them again ! ! !
Amazing tacos cheap and the best fresh salsa I ' ve ever bought . It ' s in the refrigerated section . I ' ll never buy salsa from a jar ever again .
Great food ! Always fresh . Not many places to choose from in Middlefield this is by far the best food in town and always a friendly place to hang out and watch a game !
I hadn ' t been here before despite it being around for the past 9 years . I ate the meatballs and they were so tasty !
They deliver , posting cash gets you a discount . Really enjoy their food and their portion sizes . Definitely lots of bang for your buck . We eat here often .
one of the best indian restaurants in las vegas . . though its about 12 miles from the vegs strip , its worth trying . . . chicken tikka masala and some of the best in town : )
Great atmosphere and unique drink selection . So nice to have some cool local bars added to downtown .
The fashion center is amazing . There is a lot of variety in the building for food and shopping .
I ' ve been going there for years for oil changes and smog checks and I ' ve always received honest and friendly service .
This place is great ! Mike the bartender and Shelly the server are fantastic . Best guacamole in Scottsdale . Music is cool and Margaritas are the best . Be sure to try the Barbacoa Tacos are amazing !
My dad an I stopped in based on Yelp review . I had the KFC and he had steak and eggs . Both were excellent ! Two words . . . Damn Good ! Thanks .
I ' ve tried many Indian restaurants in Las Vegas and this one impresses me the most . The flavor of the food is very distinctive . You can tell that the food is prepared very well .
Weird location for sure signage not good but very nice people and excellent fresh healthy food . . .
Wonderful food , and a very kind host ! The spicy Drunken Noodle was delicious , and we really enjoyed the Pad Se - eu ! Will definitely be back soon for dinner !
Friendly , super fast service and the food is wonderful . Thank you Andy . You are the best .
Had an amazing brunch at Blue Hound today ! The Spanish Omelet was absolutely fabulous and out service by James was near perfect ! Going back as soon as I can !
Very authentic experience ! I had clients who turned me on to Nigerian food and Nigerian Cuisine did not disappoint right down to the style of restaurant . . . Thanks guys . .
We always stop by tea station next door but this is our first time walking into Mian after hearing all the great reviews ! No regrets !
Highly recommend Sonoran Serenity Spa ! I left knowing I would book another appointment . It was a relaxing and enjoyable experience from beginning to end . You won ' t leave disappointed !
Great food , good prices . Took a family member from out of town based on reviews , I had the taco salad and my husband had the enchiladas both were great . Service was good .
Love coming here ! Deep fried belly buns is a must ! Also try the fish tacos which are amazing and always fresh ! Must try the beef carpaccio I really love that mostly !
Always delicious and consistent ! Fair prices , very fast service . Couldn ' t want anything more !
Ate here the other day and the food and service was great . Will keep coming back for more .
Don ' t come here too often but mom was craving their special which was 6 piece shrimp with fries and coleslaw but I substituted the coleslaw for mashed potatoes : - )
I love this place . I have been going here for years ! The service and friendliness are next level . They can fix and do anything and for a very reasonable price .
The best butter chicken I have had since moving to Arizona ! I also thought their garlic naan was amazing . Overall the food is simply fantastic !
Their pancakes are addicting - especially the blueberry pancakes ! ! Great service as well ! They are busy on weekend mornings , even at 8am , but totally worth the wait ! !
Agree with the other reviews . . . don ' t let the Walmart location dissuade you ! Place is great , little to no wait and excellent attention to detail . Will be my new salon : )
Went down for lunch today and got their Beef Bibimbap . The food was delicious , the ingredients tasted fresh , and the portion was filling . The lady who served me was really nice too .
I love this place always have always will it have the best donuts around the cream sticks are amazing and Louie is a great guy and keeps his donut shop clean and pumps out great donuts
You ' re not going to find a better Swiss Cheese & Mushroom Burger in Vegas without some Celebrity Chef name on it and pay & 20 . 00 .
This place is AWESOME ! ! Doesn ' t matter what you order . They aren ' t playing around here ! Happy hour on point and the drinks are strong ! YEEEEE ! ! : )
stayed there for a weekend for a birthday gave us great deal place is very nice love it worth the money
There ' s nothing bad about this local casino . Good cheap food , 24hr bowling , movies . . .
Awesome & fast service , got a heavy duty battery for a van at about the price I would have paid anywhere else . Nice selection on other lighting & accessories .
Awesome speedy service , and Roger treats you great ! Glad I found him for me and my family .
Excellent staff ! Everyone has gone above and beyond to make my family and I comfortable . More than just helpful ! The Dr . is straightforward and to the point , which is very much appreciated !
Food was amazing especially the short ribs and brisket . Sides were great as well . Really enjoyed the onion and jalapeño sauce that comes with meat .
Awesome food , great service , lots of dart boards and poool tables . Our new FAVORITE Sun Prairie spot . Yay ! !
Just like the stuffed pizza back home in Chicago ! So glad they opened one up nearby .
We have Hunan of Stow delivered to our home at least twice monthly ! Food is consistent and yummy . House special fried rice is amazing !
Soo good ! The food is great ! The servers are understanding and will trade out your food if you do not like it !
Extremely happy with Marcel and 2b Mod ! Great prices , great products , and exceptional customer service . I couldn ' t be happier with my experience !
The young man there was very polite and professional . Already was a fan of Rita ' s , but even better with great service .
Sake rok is so much fun ! ! ! The food is great . Our server Amy was so great ! The emcee cesear , really made the whole experience !
Best coffee in Phoenix ! We come here 3 - 5x ' s each week . They really know how to make a great latte . Thanks !
Very comfortable . Clean . Everything is perfect . Seats recline . Gets tickets early though . Sitting in the back is best . ! Reasonably priced too . Love this place
Came here based on a friend ' s recommendation . The food is all very fresh . Homemade tortillas , great salsa bar ! Left very full .
Outstanding ! ! ! Went this afternoon with some coworkers for a quick team building , and we all had a great time ! Highly recommend it !
Great sushi , great ambiance , good pricing , love it ! One of the best sishi places I ' ve been to in Las Vegas
This place is great . Love the Orange Chicken and the House Fried Rice . Clean and Great Service .
Had a great time . Great service : ) still looking for donut boy
Awesome authentic Italian food . The bread was on point , food was unique , and restaurant has a great ambiance . This was a fun spot to try out in Vegas .
Great place to relax and have a picnic or just walk around and feed the birds .
Delicious small plates with excellent service . Cute restaurant as well . Really enjoyed trying all the different types of olives !
Excellent ! ! ! Everything is fresh and they will customize any dish . Service was great and very friendly . I had the chicken masala with medium spice and it was perfect - we will be back !
Performs an in depth analysis on the home with client friendly documentation and recommended follow up that is to the point
Great food , great service and great experience ! It ' s one of my Las Vegas staples when I visit .
Great drinks with decent price , friendly staff , cute environment perfect for Instagram pictures , their foam milk drink is a must try !
Great food , great price point , and always great service . The prix fixe menu is perfect if you want a little bit of everything . Always love coming here ! !
I love this place for the food . You would never know it ' s vegan and the coffee is delicious . It ' s out decently fast too !
I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the food . The owner came to say hello and introduced himself . Very nice guy . Family owned business , very good service .
Nice place great service and fast . . . . but you better make a reservation lol on fri - sun . . .
Lou did our maternity photo shoot and the pictures turned out beautiful ! I wasn ' t feeling well but you definitely couldn ' t see that coming through . He has an amazing talent !
He fixed the rip in my jacket on the spot , within 10 minutes while I waited . Fair price as well . I ' ll definitely be using them again for all my tailoring needs .
These guys are no joke ! Well worth the money ! They ' re on time efficient , safe and super polite . I would recommend them to everybody !
Great place with cool Open minded ppl ! Very relaxed atmosphere to meet TSTV And make new friends . Cool Place and atmosphere ! ! I great place to try in Vegas
The spicy Mongolian beef is amazing ! I get it almost every time I come here ! My work office is very close by so this is a to go when ever we forget to bring our lunch !
Excellent fast delivery nice family people the food is . Great they know my boss by name they deliver on time Everytime with that great food of theirs
This place great . Went with there with 3 other friends on a work trip . Jose c best waiter ever
Super fun place to eat , we enjoy the food and our kids love being there . Always a fun place to take relatives when they come to town .
Awesome food and service , very friendly staff , well worth spending money in this place . . . : - ) : - ) : - )
6 stars ! ! They have the perfect kimchi . Regret that I didn ' t visit this spot earlier .
Excellent place for breakfast we are coming from Toronto and stop for a quick breakfast good service and good food and super sweet server Rachel thank you for serving us
Delicious ! All you can eat high quality meat ! Everything was so flavorful ! I definitely ate to much . . .
Chicken pot pie - A Create your own salad - A Service - A If you get the chicken pot pie , let it chill for a bit because I burned my tongue multiple times now haha .
Friendly staff . Good coffee . Great sandwiches and snacks . This is what a coffee shop should be . Fuck Starbucks .
Super endroit ! La bouffe est bonne et que dire des bières qui sont parmi les meilleures au monde . . . rien de moins . . .
They did a very good job on my nails and feet . The prices are good . I believe they are under new management and so far they are doing great .
Awesome service , great cookies and the tiramisu is top 5 I ' ve had . Support your small local businesses , especially one this good !
Sushi was fresh . California roll had real blue crab in it not imitation . You get what you pay for . Pad Thai was delicious . Nice quiet restaurant .
Great environment ! Super nice staff ! Great prices ! They have games and u can sample all the juices . We don ' t live here but we will be back !
Just picked up a nice check ! Mr . Gabroy and his staff are very professional and efficient !
Everything was sooo good ! The food was amazing & the service was superb ! The waiter recommended the first 4 sushi rolls on the special rolls and it sure was delicious . . .
My favorite Laotian restaurant . The Service & fresh , tasty & authentic food is a 5 Star experience !
Came into the Vig for date night . We could not be more happier with the service . Eduardo was very welcoming . Thank you !
Fantastic florist and floral design ! Beautiful fresh flowers and no pretense like the other florists on College street . Love this place .
The crew needs to get some tip jars cuz they go above and beyond to make you feel welcome . Thanks guys oh and gals , well mostly gals lol
The staff was fantastic - - especially Dee Shannon ! I would absolutely recommend him to any one of my friends or family . The level of professionalism and personalization is unparalleled . Give that man an award !
Gorgeous spa , with swanky spa ammenities while you wait for your treatment . My massage was Amazing ! !
Very friendly and helpful . I love my lashes they take their time and staff is very helpful loved it there
I love to go here for Happy Hour . Food and drinks are Excellent . A change of pace on the South end of the Vegas Strip
Excellent service and above excellent food . I had fresh fruit served in my salad and the chicken parm was great !
Ambience is awesome . Food is delicious . The sea bass , crab cakes , cream corn , desserts are all great ! The staff is quick and attentive .
Best little hidden spot in Vegas for super delish Italian food . Would recommend to anyone who truly loves Italian . Only good things happening here .
Absolutely amazing place . A very small space but it works for them . The smoothies are large and delicious . They also have a pretty big variety .
Authentic Chinese food . Even better than most Chinese restaurants in LA . It ' s a must go place If you live around Phenix and love traditional Chinese food .
The best car wash in town easy and faster to wash i have the Vip unlimited plan and everything is good
We were so pleased with the promptness of getting in for an appointment . The office is very clean ! The staff is very professional , caring , and kind .
Great way to start off my vacation in Montreal . excellent service and my mani / pedi looks great .
Great cleaner , reasonable prices and same day service available . Tailoring service is great as well
Always enjoy our meals here . No matter what we get it ' s always great ! Friendly prompt service and casual atmosphere , perfect stop while at the strip
Finally found a good restaurant in PHX ! Sat at the bar for a glass of wine and mussels appetizer . HUGE portion of large delicious mussels ! Delicious . Thank you for not serving crappy Mexican !
Didn ' t have to wait too long , Staff was nice . Dr . knew to send me to ER and didn ' t even charge me . Thank you !
The most awesome man Walt at this storage business goes out of his way to make sure that his customers are taken care of properly ! Thank you so very much Walt ! Mary & Calvin
Awesome fresh sandwiches ! Real deli turkey not that subway fake crap . Definitely recommend as a great place to stop for lunch .
I have been going here a year and absolutely love it . . great service recently with Heather , but everyone i is amazing . .
Best Dallas Cowboys fan bar in Phoenix ! ! ! On the north / west side and greaaaaaat fans . Positive attitudes and no fair weather here ! Love it ! Go Cowboys ! ! ! !
Really delicious hot dogs ! Will have to come back and try the beef sandwiches . Very friendly staff . Classic Chicago menu with decent prices .
Delicious . Cool place , nice atmosphere , great service . Had the duo dip and rotisserie chicken and they were awesome . Very reasonably priced too .
We ' ve been here multiple times . The food is consistently great ! Try the piri piri fish - one of our favourites .
They ' re tea aficionados here ! Cool ambience , great tea . The location is a little out of the way but it ' s great if you ' re in the area .
Great new spot in the Palms . Offering small bites , table side cocktail cart , and unique libations . Opened daily from 4pm to 3am . Service is always nice and on point . Love their glassware .
This is one of my go to places for Chinese food . The owners are from Guangdong , China . Food is somehow authentic .
Amazing Banh Mi , for a very good price . That being said , I ' m going to try the others around town and compare them
Best smoothies in town . . . Expensive for supplements and vitamins . Friendly staff
One of my favorite places to go for a drink & appetizers . The spicy asian wings , fried rice and yakitori chicken are some of my favorites along with their Tokyo Tea !
Super friendly service , amazing donuts , very inexpensively priced , often fresh , OPEN ALL NIGHT ! BEST . I want to die here , be cremated , and have my ashes sprinkled on a coffee one .
Best Tacos I ' ve had in AZ reminds me of the Tacos in Rocky Point and awesome toppings bar ! Go for the tacos best thing on the menu , the steak is amazing ! ! !
Fast . Fresh . Convenient if you need a boba fix in the southwest area ! Also , prices $ 3 + , which is an A + in my book .
This place is awesome . Very creative and great quality food . Pork belly tacos are one of the best things I ' ve ever eaten . The flatbread is awesome too .
Nice spot ! Service was great and the 8 second bull ride sushi roll was the best roll I ever had !
Amazing Condo , It is a great price for a great room with kitchen and hot tub .
Great customer service . Anna really works with you to help create the wedding dress of your dreams . I would definetly recommend her to any family or friends that are looking for dress tailoring
Tried the fish tacos and they were delicious ! Service was also very good tonight !
Purchased several items today . Great prices and the customer service was spectacular . Received personal instruction and advice which was greatly appreciated . I will shop here again . . . highly recommended !
I ' ve been stay there for 2 nights . Nice decoration in guest room , feel like home . It ' s a lil bit small but have everything you need .
Great tasting food . Quick service . Nice atmosphere . It ' s my new favorite breakfast spot .
Atmosphere is cozy , coffee is great , service is friendly . If you haven ' t been here it ' s a must try .
I love Windsor style backyard burger with the side of Mac and cheese ! Must have . Cool vibez
Very authentic . My entire family loved it ! Amazing quality and very very fresh . Hope to eat here again soon .
seared salmon special is the f & $ % n best thing in the world . I would eat it all day , everyday !
Highly suggest the fat cat burger . Bills is a wonderful spot for great milkshakes and awesome burgers .
Great local place . Parking is not an issue . The menu is small but the ingredients and the cooking are top notch . Everything is good here .
Always love my waffle love ! Strawberries & Cream is my fav ! My kids love rolled cinnamon or like mine with Nutella . What ever you choose , you will love it !
Einsteins coffee game is STRONG ! First thing I do when I wake up is head to einsteins and take advantage of there bottomless coffee . I drink 3 coffees a day so I am WIRED !
Cleanest and most we ' ll kept Ross I been to ! Thank you to all the employees who helped me with my visit ! You made it very pleasant
Had a wonderfull visit to Hall farms . This was our first big halloween with our daughter , and she loved it . Great family atmosphere def good for the kids
Everything we ordered from the appetizers to the desserts were really good ! As well as the waitress . . . I recommend this place
Best NY - style slicery in the Burgh . Love their pizza . Wings are pretty good too .
Best tamales I ' ve ever had . I tried the chicken and green chile , the chicken was tender , juicy , full of flavor , and was all white meat . Highly recommend this place !
This is one of my favorite places to bring the kids when hubby and I need a night out . You can stay or leave . My kids loved it and had so much fun !
Christine is the awesomest bartender ever ! ! ! We just came for margaritas and street tacos but didn ' t expect to have so much fun . She rocks ! ! !
Best french toast EVER ! GREAT SERVICE . . . . . and even though it almost always busy it ' s well worth it . Which says a LOT !
The kids loved their eggs . The half stack was big and fluffy . Mmm . The breakfast burrito was great my guy cleared his plate . Rogelio was super friendly and gave great suggestions . Thank you
Good Starbucks , drinks alway taste right . Good folks in that store who want to take care of you .
This is hands down the best Pizza & Wing spot in town ! ! ! Vegetarian Pizza & Hot Wings . Money Team Approved . # TMT # Authentic
Love this place ! ! The bread is so fresh and yummy ! The pull - apart cheese bread is a must to try ! ! : )
I love local Buisness owners who know you when you walk in the door . You can find great items at affordable prices that big box stores don ' t carry ! Alterations are a plus here : )
My father - in - law lives in Mesa , and we go to RWB every time we visit . Everything on the menu is great . My wife particularly loves the creme brulee .
Great value for money , attentive stylist who listened to what I wanted and provided an excellent male hair cut .
The second visit made ALL the difference . Great , if not amazing , service , and a super happy table of stuffed people . In other words : win ! More dinners will be had .
Our new favorite ice cream place ! ! ! Super clean with yummy creations ! ! ! Staff is nice made my mehe a special roll . . .
If you ' re looking for a savory , unhealthy , delicious , fast burger look no further than Swensons . They have some of the best food in the area . Always fast . Always delicious .
Very nice ambience and staff . I got an ombre and to my surprise the scalp massage and trim was free ! New look , new me ! Found my new favourite salon
These guys were great . Clean , well maintained shop , good conversation , and excellent cut and shave . I would highly recommend one stop .
great place to grab lunch the salad ' s good and gryo ' s are really good as well
One word nine letters . DELICIOUS ! Definitely dining here again . Make sure you call for a reservation as early as possible because this place is packed .
Great place for a burger , fries , and a soft drink from the pimped out Coke machine . Five guys will never let you down !
Fire . Absolutely delicious . I had the macho fries with carne asada . My sis ordered chicken tinga , barbacoa , and carnitas tacos . All the meat and other ingredients were fabulous and fresh !
Had 4 TVs mounted . They were awesome . They were on time , did great work , and were very clean . Nice guys ! ! I would recommend them to anyone !
This is a very good place . Barley soup , pickles , and Mandelbrot were excellent . Sandwiches were also good . Definitely coming back .
Probably one of the healthiest brunches you can get in DTLV . Delicious , hearty , healthy , and comes with excellent service ! Definitely worth checking this place out .
ALWAYS AMAZING - Been here a ton of times and never a disappointment . The Snail pasta and just about every pizza are to die for ! Lambs brains and piggs ears are great too !
Have had the lemon chicken twice now ( both delivery ) , and it is great ! Ordered thru grubhub and the food got here 30 earlier than the estimated time , which I appreciated !
I have to say this place has great food , service , atmosphere and pricing ! Really a great place for a date or a nice catch - up with good friends . A + from me !
craving steak tartar some more french mustard is good refrigerator - for you Nicole . thx . Carry on .
It ' s my second time here and the food is awesome ! The flavors are strong and unique unlike a lot of other places I ' ve been to . I recommend this place for sure !
Great food , great drinks , great service . Their calamari is some of the best I have tasted in the city !
Love all of the food I have ever had there and the desserts . Excellent service . Fun and relaxed car atmosphere . Definitely get reservations for the weekend , large parties or holidays .
Crude , rude and socially unacceptable . . . but Ralphie is absolutely hysterical . Two pieces of dark meat , mashed potatoes and a biscuit ! ! !
The meat they give us is very good . If u want to eat out with your family this is the perfect place and they have good service . This is definitely one of my favorite Korean Barbecue places
Overall good but really nothing special . . . however if a girl have boyfriend who takes her to Joël Robuchon before she ' s 30 , that means she has made it !
Love their coffee ! The staff is so nice , one of them even surprised me with a bunny in my latte . Made my morning !
Some bomb pho . . . better than any other place in the valley . Order out is a good option here as well .
Great food , great staff , lots of great games , and a great bar ! l can ' t say enough good things about this place !
Adis did a great job leveling / smoothing out a concrete floor and in so doing fixing some sloppy / bad work by the previous " contractor . " Thanks !
Never can go wrong with a # 2 char broil cheeseburger meal deal the best ! ! So glad when this place came to town ! ! Love it
Its great place to check out a show . Parking a bit hectic but overall service was great .
Great Lube ! Awesome manager , he pointed out something that was wrong with my car ! ! Very thorough and considerate .
Great people working here . Very helpful ( they put my ketchup in a container for ease of eating on the road ! Needed a glass of ice for my water BOOM done . Great burger too !
These donuts are awesome ! ! Best cruellers and custard filled chocolate donuts ! ! Great mango smoothies ! ! Great prices for fresh made . Will be back for sure !
So good ! Fresh ingredients & so many flavors ! Love it ! The sushi was awesome ! ! Highly recommend !
Tristan was absolutely great with men ' s cuts . Beautiful salon with some phenomenal service . Would definitely coming back .
I greatly enjoyed this place . Polite and friendly staff . Nice mix of deserts , teas , cofee and even wine and beer . Nice atmosphere . Will be back .
Such a hidden gem . I loved every slice of the pizza . Quality ingredients and the original dough is perfect !
Had a few rolls here , all of them were really good . Good prices and the place was open really late . Nice atmosphere , traditional bar meets sushi bar meets lounge .
This place is so serene . Receptionist was friendly and so was the masseuse . First time there and really enjoyed it . They also offer a dry sauna for before or after the massage .
Make sure u have time to search . . . At first glance there is much to be desired , but it ' s a hidden gem . Gabes has everything clothing to household items
Beautiful Restaurant and impeccable service . Request to eat in the treehouse and enjoy .
Great staff and all the necessary machines .
Best long John silver customer service in a long time from the young man Abraham ! ! ! I would keep going to this place for that great service ! ! !
Love this place ! Their lunch special is a good deal , and their quality has always been consistent .
Whatever u want , he can get . Cigars , whiskies , wine . . . this is the man . Fantastic atmosphere and great time .
Quick delivery , big portions , and absolutely delicious . Just had the tree of life and cant wait to have it for lunch again tomorrow ! : )
This place is a lot of fun . The food is comforting and delicious . The owner Kim makes you feel right at home . Completely unpretentious food at very reasonable prices .
This place has the best prices in town , Jay hooked us up really good . I highly recommend this place .
So good . Cash only . Our go to squirrel hill pizza
Great place for dogs . Our older dog did great even though she has t been around other dogs much . Amazing staff !
My favorite place to eat ever ! They have excellent fajitas , delicious margs and great chips and salsa . This is my go to Mexican restaurant !
What can I say these guys are fantastic . Quick very reasonably priced and 100 % satisfied with their service on repairing a cell phone . RJ was absolutely the best .
Highly recommend getting a wash here the staff are very friendly and the service is great ! Definitely coming back !
Friendly , accommodating . . Refreshing when customer service is pleasent . Flat white was excellent .
Went here last night and had the greatest food and service ! Best Mexican restaurant in town . Fajitas , nacho and margaritas oh my ! !
A very good selection of drinks to choose from . High quality and consistent . Friendly service . Wish they could open a few more shops in Toronto .
Great lunch or takeout spot - a wide variety on the menu , the bamboo shoots and mushroom appetizer was delicious , as well as the soup dumplings and scallion pancake . Very reasonably priced and good service .
One of the best Pho places in Las Vegas absolutely am in love with this place and all other food they have to offer
Excellent gun range , very helpful range masters . No need to rent glasses or ear protection . You get free eyes and ears to use plus free targets
I love the cafe because as soon as you walk inside you smell the bakery . The food is amazing as well . Plus , its at Tivoli Village , you can ' t beat the location .
Yummo . . . But I wouldn ' t recommend the Hooters Roll . . .
gotta love the BBQ pork fried rice , Lucy is super friendly and the food tastes great and at great prices , love it here
It was excellent , we got a couples full body massage including the hot stone upgrade . It was super relaxing , soothing and professional . I highly recommend going here , great deal !
We did mother ' s day here and we were greatly impressed . Oysters on the half shell , 4 different types of salmon ! From A to Z , they had it covered ! Service was outstanding !
I ' ve literally tried everything there . Delightful experience each time and can ' t wait to go back again . Their lamb is to die for !
Good quality tea and cute environment . Highly recommend specialty cloud cap teas with cute matcha shapes on the top .
Excellent service and great selection . This is my go to guy for jewelry . Mike is available and knowledgeable about diamonds and gold .
This was the best Go - Cart Racing experience I ' ve ever had . My boyfriend and I had a lot of fun .
They were able to scan my 12x12 scrapbook pages into color which I was unable to find at any other big box copy / print stores !
Came here when I was waiting for the Rack to open . Loved the NY decor because I am from Long Island . Delicious breakfast burrito and the owner was so nice !
Checked in yesterday at the Outback , when I did they had different pricing then they had on Yelp , the service was excellent and they had no problem giving me the price . Food was good !
I ' m a Jersey guy and this restaurant competes with the best pizzerias in Jersey . Very good
Incredible service - incredible food - incredible cause ! I ' d eat here every day if I could afford it !
Friendly staff , lot of vets working there , very helpful . Go
Great bar , the best view . Drinks are great and nothing beets the view . If you are in Vegas and want to experience it all you need to come here .
Megan was awesome and made our night ! Great drinks , funny service . Good times . Great oldies .
A first - rate theatre company in a terrific location . I wish I could visit Toronto more often so I could attend all Soulpepper productions .
I cannot say enough good things about this place . This is the greatest place for women ' s health care and spa treatments and tons of other services .
Mary is an amazing bartender , great customer service and very attentive ! Wings are the best in the city , Gary is a sweetheart , love coming here !
Jeannie was absolutely amazing ! My four pawed kids looked happy and amazing ! So happy to find Jeannie .
Best fries ever . . Philly steak sandwich is so good . I love the owner and their staff , super friendly . I definitely recommend this place
Great music . Great coffee . Great staff . Great vibes . It ' s great . Go here and try the butter tarts if you like sweet . Very cool spot !
Took my boys here for lunch and everyone was happy . Food was good , service was great , and environment was clean . We will be coming back again .
Very cool bar , great happy hour specials , and an even better staff ( especially Brittany ! ) . Plus , the TVs are MASSIVE ! Great for watching the Packers beat the Bears !
5 étoiles très bon service repas a bon prix bonne portion bon prix délicieux menu santé ou non mais musique un peut forte mais y retournerai
The have pizza down pat . Love it if you order the meat pizza stand by for some seriously good sausage and pepperoni We hit this place once a week
Fun little date night , good steak and veggies , awesome atmosphere ! The service was quick and fast .
Very very attentive , addressed my needs and didn ' t make me feel stupid . . . as a new runner that was important . I was comfortable and walked out with an amazing pair of shoes !
One of my favorite restaurants in the QC . Food is delicious and the service is amazing !
The fries , patty melts , and custard is out of this world . The burgers aren ' t my favorite , unfortunately . But the fries and fry sauce ? ? ? WOW ! ! !
Excellent quality price ratio , I love the concept of the menu . Very good food , typical of a Portuguese tavern . A go to place in the quartier des spectacles .
This place is the best hole in the wall place to eat tacos ! ! The tacos are awesome . The gorditas are amazing too . Loved it ! The cucumber water is a must try !
We will definitely come here again ! Prepare yourself for a close intimate dining experience with excellent biscuits and gravy , wonderful has browns , relatively quick service and reasonable prices . We had a wonderful stop .
Really good carne asada burro . Aguas frescas are your run of the mill flavor . These would be better if homemade . Rice and frijoles are just OK .
I can ' t get over how amazing the food was . I was really impressed with the service and the restaurant . The food was so flavourful and you could tell it was fresh .
Punks not dead and cash goes to show you that its not great selection awesome ppl forget cirporate hot topic
This place is really a gem . The food is always great and really fresh . Awesome choices for vegetarians too .
pez is great and very knowledgable . my dishwasher went out before thanksgiving . my only criticism was that he wouldn ' t come back and wash my holiday dishes .
Great service , they dropped off my dumpster and picked it up both on time . I believe it was Jason who helped me , I will be using them again , most likely this week , many projects
Everyone here is super nice and professional . They made my kid feel very comfortable . Gio did a great job getting everything ready . Highly recommended .
I love Kelly . . . she ' s fast and my nails are ALWAYS PERFECT . Been going there for 4 years . I hope she never leaves . . .
Sizzling plate of tofu & vegetables was hot and delicious ! Fresh and tasty appetizers were a real treat . Excellent and swift service and calm atmosphere made it even better .
Awesome gyro , too big to finish . Baklava samples and yogurt was delicious . The staff was friendly and prompt . This place will do great , you should stop by !
Delicious ! Wonderful service ! The brisket is the bomb diggity ! Everyone looks happy , customers and staff ! : o )
Not only was the food delicious , but the service was exceptional ! Very clean restaurant , friendly service , and great atmosphere ! True Mediterranean food ! ! Will go back
These guys did a great job and on short notice of my move . On time , courteous and not one scratched wall or dented furniture item !
looks terrible from the outside , but very good prices and quality on the inside . definitely worth the extra travel .
This pharmacy is so helpful and professional . Thank you for taking care of my family . Dump cvs .
I found my new favorite Korean BBQ spot . From food to service , 5 / 5 . All the servers here are awesome . Grade A service and food .
One of my favorite places for steak in Calgary . Simple place and has a charm about it that I really love .
Best boba milk tea shop hands down . No competition The new shop is equally as good as the one on rainbow . Very spacious and plenty of seating . The decorations are spot on .
Absolutely outstanding , 10 / 10 authentic food . The ambiance really gives it a big boost .
This is the BEST Korean bbq I ' ve ever had in my life . I ' m not even exaggerating . 5 stars !
Great food where the presentation is top notch . Nice place to enjoy upscale Japanese dishes and the service is irreproachable .
Just had a great experience at this In - n - out . Huge kudos to Jocelyn . Definitely coming back here to this location .
Always lots to see . Bring plenty of water and sunscreen and snacks and money ; ) they are always developing .
Jose the second the was amazing ! ! ! Outstanding ! ! ! He never fail to put a smile when he comes and serve us ! ! Love the service ! ! !
Very charming little hole off the street on Parliament . Been there a couple of times and have been tempted by the waffles but to date have only had steak and eggs . Great date spot .
Now this is how theaters should be ! Clean , fresh new design , & great sound ! Most Theaters in town have sticky floors , torn and worn seats , with busted sound systems . Not here !
Sadly Erin is no longer working here and I have not had an appointment with her replacement .
Fabulous food in the middle of the week yet ! ! Great friendly service ! A MUST place to eat ! !
If you don ' t try the chocolate dipped bacon s ' mores ( house - made marshmallow , whipped peanut butter , graham cracker ) , you ' ve messed up .
Really love this museum . So much to see , so much history . Amazing that it is free . We really enjoyed seeing everything they offer .
These guys were great ! They were recomended to us by our real estate agent . They showed up quickly , had an estimate ready quickly and were very responsive !
Best pizza place in town ! Not even a question , go here if you want the best pizza ! It never disappoints and the people are kind .
Excellent burger , beer , and spuds . Service was great - sat at the bar . Kristin , Rose , and Glory were awesome ! Personable staff and good atmosphere tonight . We will be back .
I have been eating at this restaurant for over 17 years . I love the food . They have an incredible happy hour . Great sushi . Fresh and tasty .
pretty good service . interesting drinks . even left money in the machine and walked away and the bartender chased us down to let us know ! !
Have been coming here since they opened . Amazing staff , all very talented . Pristine facility . I highly recommend this place . Best pedis ever ! ! !
The sandwiches are a bit on the pricey side but they are SO worth it . Their Korean Fried Chicken sandwich is by far the best sandwich I have ever had !
It ' s definitely a five star not a four ! ! I had accidentally selected four stars . For all the Halal eaters , yes it ' s Halal ! !
Love this store ! Tamara at Pro Services is the best !
Really nice and cozy environment with friendly staff and great house music . Sat here awhile to stay out of the heat . Oh yeah , a great Cup of Joe too !
The watress Heather is great and food is excellent and friendly . We spend our Thanksgiving dinner here .
Cool little place ! Totally glad I stopped by for breakfast . My food was solid and so was the staff . Great work guys I will be back soon !
Best chicken salad sandwich ever ! Ice tea was yummy , too . Great service and clean restaurant . This is my first time here and I had to share !
The food there is amazing and they have something new as daily special everyday . I had their pasta special for lunch today .
Love the girls at Stylush ! Go see the color Queen , Veronica Peebles !
Have rented several trucks and storage units . Never had a bad experience . Professional and helpful . When they had the chance to make things easier for me they took that action proactively .
If you are a pizookie fan , you ' ll love this place even more . Worth the line that is constantly out the door !
Great boba tea ! My favorite place to go and such a friendly and professional staff . Even on my " diet days " I come here for a drink . Best place in town by far !
Good value , good quality , good service ! I ' m not typically a fan of AYCE sushi , but this one hit the spot .
Chagrin Falls movie theater has awesome brand new recliner seats . They are the best . Definitely worth the drive .
Great sandwiches , good quality and ambience . Friendly staff . Will certainly go again .
Love my pink and white full set ! ! Jantra rocks ! ! She ' s here Mondays , Tuesdays , and Fridays ! !
This restaurant group has the most AMAZING staff and food . Tako never fails to make us so incredibly happy . Worth every penny and worth the wait - even if you have to make an 11pm reservation !
Pretty good breakfast ! The waitress was a doll and the ambiance was quiet . I ' m not much of a breakfast person but Man ! It was a tasty : )
Delicious and hearty breakfast . Excellent service from Michelle and relaxing atmosphere .
It ' s been a while since we have been here . Food was amazing best teppan we have had . A bit pricey but worth it .
Very tasty lunch . . . Good portion size . Loved the different " temperature " salsas . Friendly staff . Must check it out yourself .
Not only the best Thai food anywhere , it ' s some of the best food you can get , anywhere , period . The red curry with chicken is so good it should be illegal .
Where else can you buy lottery tickets and affordable take out Chinese food ? Also , beer to go , snacks and groceries . People here are friendly and the service is very efficient .
This place was delicious and it was so yummy ! Definitely plan to come back next year to Vegas and eat here ! The service was excellent ! Got my free cookie too yummy !
God ' s Plan . I fell in love . The chicken is by far the best fried chicken ive ever had in Toronto . . . The curry is bomb too ! . . .
My salad was enormous and perfectly proportioned with all the toppings . My friend said the Reuben was one of the best he ' s had !
Idk why this place has shit reviews it ' s actually so good , I ' ve been coming here for like 7 years ! !
In a drunken stupor finding the flashing 24 hrs Robertos sign is a sign from above . Fast and tasty burritos with fresh non salty guacamole .
Came into Mor and had such a wonderful experience ! Tim O could not have been better to work with , highly recommend ! ! Thx Tim
First time here - ordered the poke and fish tacos . Everything was fresh and fabulous . The tacos were enormous and the mango salsa was delicious . Would definitely come back .
Jerry , Nico , Brandon and Vinny were awesome guides ! It was a great tine had by all ! Thanks for taking good care of our Solera family !
Loved everything I ' ve tried there so far . I will continue to support this local business !
Great one stop shop spa ! You can get everything done here ! I had the ultimate facial and it was very relaxing !
This is a great place to eat breakfest or lunch .
I would give this place 10 stars if I could . This was my second visit . The level of customer service is out of this world and food is always on point .
Very friendly staff . Enjoyed my service today . And wasn ' t to bad prices . When I ' m back in Vegas I will visit .
OMG ! Their pizza is off the hook delicious . Everything about it . . . perfection ! 1st time here today and definitely not our last . Atmosphere is chill and relaxing .
Staff is very welcoming and helpful . Wants to make sure you get the best deal for your buck . Car well taken care of . Cannot ask for more . Thank you !
Food was great ! I had the Cowboy Ribeye and a bunch of sides . Bryan and Mikey were AMAZING ! Thanks for your service guys ! !
This place is the best . Everything is very fresh and good . Even the vegetables that come on the side are good , and I seriously dislike vegetables .
Love going to this place . Best boba in town ! We go at least once a week . Great drinks , great people , awesome atmosphere .
Good consistent food quality . We had the pork rolls for starters followed by the pork ribs and skewers . Nice and tasty . Followed by the flan for me and a halo halo for the wife .
Best tofu I ' ve ever had . No competition . Hope this place stays in business forever . Try the orange tofu and the veggie chow mein . I dream about it .
WOW ! ! ! The best Pho restaurant in Phoenix ! ! ! ! ! I felt like I was back in California .
Staff was courteous and helpful . We wanted to spruce up our bikes with bells and whistles and they were attentive to our requests .
I had great service getting my pedicure at LK . I am Impressed with Jennifer and all the staff is friendly . The environment is very relaxing and the service is GREAT !
This is the best fro yo in town . The toppings are always fresh just like the yogurt . It ' s habit forming !
Amazing ! Just had the farmers plate - my first time having plantains . Insanely delicious . Will be back again !
Nice size menu with a good variety ! Fired pizza was tasty , gyros rocked , ribs tasty , Wings wow wee , Brussel Sprouts Bam !
Was kind of skeptical of the place when I walked in but food was awesome and filling . Portion size was big and bill was small . I highly recommended
So yummy ! The meat and veggies were fresh and the girl at the counter was super helpful at explaining what everything was . Great place to grab a quick and healthy lunch
5 stars with service , food quality , and speedy delivery . Can ' t get enough of the chicken bruschetta and Greek fries , YUM !
A neighborhood go to , with strip quality food at a great price point . The quality of the seafood is excellent .
BEST nail salon I ' ve been to ! ! Extremely friendly staff and excellent service ! ! Would recommend to everyone ! Love my gel nails ! !
Nice people , good food , inexpensive neighborhood joint . They have a thriving delivery business . Super yummy fresh egg rolls .
They were great and knowledgable . Didn ' t try to over charge . Got the car back not only repair look great but the rest of body clean . Would recommend to friends and family .
Place is legit ! Definitely really good about keeping you up to date on new issues and all
Meat quality is good . Nice and modern place . Won ' t smell anything after BBQ . Good service and full bar here . Will definitely be back soon .
Gluten - free cinnamon rolls were delicious , their general selection is larger than compared to other stores . I love having that variety . Will be coming back in the future .
Today was the first time I shopped at Noble Beast . The employees ' were very welcoming and extremely helpful . They definitely know the products they carry and the pricing for dog food was very reasonable .
Great store selection . Surely much more reasonable in their selection and pricing . No where near the pricing of Whole PayCheck . . . I mean Whole Foods
I love bourekas , 7 for $ 20 is not a bad deal when it comes to fresh baked goods . They have lots of more stuff check them out .
Amazing crew beautiful laminated fast delivery good quality and fabulous Custumer service thanks you rami my house look fabulous highly recommended they were on time and did my house in 4 days including 3 bedroom hallway and stairs !
My favorite off strip casino . I like the spots and the waitresses are friendly . The place has a great hot dog stand if your in the mood
I love this place ! The noddles here is very delicious and the service is amazing ! The noodles reminds me of my home ! I will definitely come here next time as long as I have chance .
Just wanted to let local know . GVR has lower their local discount to 25 % from 30 % . Monday to Friday . Great service .
Went for my birthday dinner and it was amazing . The dry aged porterhouse was one of the best steaks I ' ve ever had . It fed 3 of us .
So far the best Mexican place in Vegas ! ! ! It gets crowded fast but it ' s worth the wait . I always get the flautas ! Soooo good . I come here every weekend practically !
Top taco shop in Phoenix . So authentic I thought I was in Mexico . Want bomb tacos ? Go to tacos Huicho
Extremely happy with all aspects of Best Buy Flooring - from the sales person Frank to Hector and his crew who completed the installation . My wife and I are extremely happy . . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS COMPANY
Food and service is great . One of the best burgers I have had in a while . I can ' t wait to come back and try more of the menu .
At last a station that tells it like it is without the right wing lies .
Love this place ! ! ! I get the açaí kids bowl for a healthy snack and it is sooooo good - who needs ice cream when you can have this ! ! !
The food is soo good the workers are nice I ' m happy a friend showed me this place I gotta go back forsure and tell friends about it
Steak and Chicken Fajitas Yummy ! Fish Taco Delish ! Chips and Salsa Mmm ! " OG Margarita " Awesome !
The magic tricks will really leave you pondering how it was done . Several levitations are remarkable . A very different approach to the presentation of magic .
Wonderful selection of juices . They let you sample them first which is great ! They also have a small selection of raw , vegan food that looked delicious .
Great Prices ! ! Awesome , Fresh food ! ! Menu is ever changing so you can ' t get tired of it !
Very nice staff . Plus they open at 5 am , which is always nice for someone who works downtown at that same time .
The food is amazing , the service is better , and the restaurant ' s beautiful . New favorite place , my friends included .
Our food is always so fresh and delicious when we come here ! I love this Wingstop . Spicy Korean is my favorite !
Whole Home Inspections are top notch - detail - oriented and always on time . Highly recommend Dave & Whole Home Inspections !
You get so much food for $ 10 , and it ' s all so good . Staff is super friendly and approachable . Indoor seating is extremely well decorated . Love this place
Best pizza in town ! We frequent this place at least once a week and more when we have visitors . Great food for a great price
Cannot beat this place for a good time at the blackjack tables ! ! Old Vegas atmosphere and waitress that is always there .
* Hidden Gem * Best Mexican drive thru around this area . Great customer service . The beans taste like my Nana cooked them . The carne asada is delish . You can ' t go wrong here !
It ' s kind of like the best part of hot pot , but portioned out for 1 person . And the price is perfect . Just get it . . . . so good .
By far one of the best , local , family - owned Mexican restaurants in the valley ! Always friendly , helpful service , and the food is absolutely delicious . I highly recommend the Margarita pitcher !
Our group of 12 had dinner at Maestro ' s and it was fantastic . Jamie and her team provided us with excellent customer service and the food was exceptional . Don ' t miss this one .
I love Sushi 21 ! I ' ve been coming here for about 6 years now . The food is fresh and the service is great !
Food and service was excellent ! Food is very authentic . Would highly recommend to my friends and family !
We love this place . Customer service is awesome and bagels are amazing . Highly recommend
Really great spot ! Short review is that we got great service , food was fantastic and delicious . The chicken Mirch malai was amazing , will be dreaming about this !
Excellent sushi place ! Try the white tuna you will be surprised . The sashimi plate was amazing really fresh !
Absolutely the best way to cap off our trip to Toronto ! ! Chrissy was such a joy to have as our waitress and made our evening ! Also the food and drinks were delicious ! ! !
Great bar , chill vibe , super friendly owner . I would highly recommend this bar to any self identified " nerd " lol
Amazing menu ! Not only are the items unique , but the author of the menu is hilarious ! Good service , good food .
great food and atmosphere . Not to mention their own Brew !
I like mon k ' s cake ! ! Especially Macaron ! The macaron is the best in my life ! ! ! !
Unsurpassed food presentation and service . Andrew , our server , was friendly , attentive and professional . As was our sommelier , William . The best of the best .
Doesn ' t matter which one you go to , the food is all good . Double Double Animal Style and a chocolate shake !
Great fun ! We had a blast watching the performer and the audience participation . Definitely a fun afternoon , would recommend to all ages .
BAKLAVA and RASPBERRY LAVENDER ice cream . . . . honestly , do I really need to say any more ?
Here to see Mergence ! ! Great show , amazing venue . . . excellent service . Whats not to like ! ?
Very busy . But the decor , drinks and food were great . Great service . A little on the pricy side .
Best food for the value I ' ve ever had . Croissant used to make the sandwich was warm , flaky and luscious . Fast , friendly service , with a chill atmosphere . Definitely try this out !
Taco Salad rocks ! ! ! Great food and freindly folks .
C & C is awesome . Upfront , friendly and fast . These guys are the Pawn Stars of AZ and they should have their own show !
Like other reviews , a small hole in the wall that is definitely worth visiting ! The food is fantastic , the service is wonderful , and the prices are extremely reasonable .
Fast friendly service ! sandwich was really good , and large , saved half for dinner . Restaurant was clean and service was quick . Location was easy to find and parking was convenuently right outside the door .
Really great food - good chicken , fresh veggies , delicious juicy rice ! The service was also great , and this is definitely a spot to check out if you ' re in the neighbourhood .
Wow ! Service is awesome , my sushi came out quick and the decorations are so cute ! Definitely recommend coming here !
An incredible number of flavors ! Staff was extremely helpful ! There are some very tasty and innovative flavors to try . The scoop sizes are very generous as well .
Oui un peu cher 18 $ pour un burger une frite et un tchaï mais de qualité . Service rapide et près du métro
Great brisket in Toronto and friendly staff . The only negative part would be there is only one BBQ sauce option
Visited during lunch with a couple friends and we loved the food here ! The atmosphere was upbeat . Even though it was really busy , our waiter was attentive and on top of everything .
Phil has great customer service . I got a great price on a bed and frame . Very happy with this place , thanks guys !
Everything was delicious ! Had the breakfast burrito and the wife had the hot roast beef sandwich with mounds of mashed potatoes . Soo much food !
Best happy hour have eaten there probably 20 times everything we have ordered was good staff very friendly
The food was banging when I went last night . Will be going back for sure . Just moved here from Denver , and the food is waaaaaaay better here !
Fantastic service - prompt , professional and affordable ! $ 20 for hemming 2 pairs of pants - I ' m a fan !
Great to work with James the sales rep is phenomenal we where in and out buying 2 new cars in less than 4 and a half hours . Definitely going to recommend for anyone in search of new vehicles
Pretty awesome sandwich : veggie add rotisserie chicken on ciabatta , amazeballz ! Soup , chip all fantastic . But sad I didn ' t get to try the Banana pudding .
Had the chocolate pudding . Loved it . So delicious . Definitely very rich . One portion enough for two . Environment and service were great too .
Food was amazing . Service was spectacular . I absolutely loved the way the server helped to wrap cheese around each rib . . . This was a great place to hang out with friends !
Mushrooms and stetson salad are a must any time visiting AZ ! Great food , wine , and atmosphere ! Top 5 in AZ !
GREAT SERVICE and they repaired my machine at my home same day i called thank you SAM
Amazing hand - made noodles . Noodles are made right in front of you . Soup dumplings are special . A must for those visiting Sq . Hill .
Great dinner and awesome margaritas : - ) I had been here for brunch too and Milagros didnt disappoint .
Love the price and it ' s on my way home from work . Very clean store on the inside and never a wait to fuel .
Quick turnaround , knowledgable staff and priced fair . I will definitely use them again .
This place is really good . Quality Chinese food , with no MSG . Affordable , and delivery is pretty quick too .
I love this place . Good food , good music , AWESOME service from Betsy . I hate Vegas but I love this place
$ 5 . 95 smoothies - Got the tropical paradise ( mango , banana , and oj ) . They had it made in under a minute !
Staff and service is great , wine is on point and food is delicious . I love their pizza .
Wow , just stopped in for a quick lunch and so glad I did . The food tasted amazing and the service was outstanding . I ' m very picky and I will definitely be back with family .
Enjoy cheap delicious mexican food ! Pulled beef plate is delicious . Tacos with goat or Birria with goat = happiness . Enjoy local food at the right price point .
My server was excellent . Small stature , beautiful smile , and quirky . His name , is simply - - little dave . great shrimp .
Amazing vegan food never lets me down ! Orange chicken is the bomb ! Also the crispy eggplant was pretty good !
First visit here and at " Club Gravady " - - my 15 and 16 year old teens had a blast ! Staff was super friendly and accommodating . .
Lots of Gluten Free options . Awesome dry soy capaccuini ( not an easy task ) . I will become a frequent customer .
Always helpful and reasonable with whatever my car needs ! ! They are very professional , courteous and a pleasure to do business with ! Highly recommend !
Best bubble tea place I ' ve tried . Friendly staff , Great taste and usually very fast service . Get their number one Pearl Milk Tea .
I freaking love this place . I try to come here as often as possible . Come in and get the tuna poki salad . Make sure it ' s spicy .
Very good oven pizza . Taste was delicious , Family restaurant , good drinks , and great customer service . Definitely come here again .
This place is definitely the bomb . The two guys that were working gave me great customer service . Will definitely be back . Area 51 was a hit with the flavor : ) ! ! !
Very impressed with the high tech equipment , friendly and knowledgeable staff and cleanliness off this practice . Michelle did a great cleaning and Dr . Mitchell followed up with the exam . Fantastic practice !
Hands down the best brunch in the city . It has become my go to place for bringing visitors to town on Sunday mornings .
Truffle fries , burger and brisket sandwich were all really good . We will be back to try more of the menu
I like burgers . They sell them here . They have lots of burgers I like . They also have burgers I don ' t like . I don ' t have to buy those .
My family and I were visiting from Orlando and found this place thankfully . Staff was wonderful , very nice and prompt . Food was excellent . The pakora chicken was particularly delightful . Highly recommend ! !
The sweet potato tots are worthy of 5 stars all on their own . Also recommend the Sriracha aioli !
So good that I couldn ' t stop eating ! Well priced too ! Especially loved the babaganoush and the kubbeh . Chicken shawarma could have been more flavoured but otherwise everything else was great .
A very nice and cozy environment . My boyfriend and I attended the New Years Eve celebration the Steakhouse hosted and it exceeded our expectations . The staff are all friendly and the food is amazing .
Remarkable donuts baked old school . The donuts are fresh and made mostly by hand . Make sure you arrive early , they sometimes sell out quickly .
I ' ve been here twice and both time I received great service ! The cold brew is great and refreshing . I recommend this place to everyone !
Nice selection . . . fun to browse home interiors and clothing . My husband loves my finds . Most recent purchases linen slacks , pillows for couch and chairs , melting chocolate and sketcher sneakers .
Great location . Great food . Great service . All you could ask for in a restaurant . BYOW too which is a nice touch for the budget conscious customer .
Monsey did a really great job on my lashes , so far I have been very happy with my lashes and to all the staff who are so friendly
Incredible food - never disappointed . Drinks are pricy - and service was pushy about ordering more drinks - but the food is well worth every penny
love the sandwiches ! bit pricey but i would rather pay a bit for good food then regret wasting any money on something that was horrible ! & its in the same shopping center as my job !
Dr . Watkins is great ! Brought my dog in for the first time after moving down the street a few months ago and I will be making this our go - to vet .
Everyone was very nice from the walk in to the table . Great service . Tracey was our server and she was both friendly and funny . Delightful lady . Good food good service
Wonderful staff great service . . I will be a repeat customer . My opinion best place in Mesa . great place to hang out .
Brocache is the daughter I wish I had The aunt I hope to be The sister I wish I was And the leader I wish I was .
This is probably the best Thai food I know of in the Valley . It ' s also got an " at home " feel that makes it super comfortable to dine in at !
Great food you have to try the stuffed grape leaves they are the best I ' ve ever had . Amazingly nice staff and very comfortable atmosphere . Also they deliver ! !
Sandwich was amazing . Basically this place is an upscale Panera , with real chefs for a cheaper cost . One of new favorite places .
Delicious food and good service . The employees are nice . I felt like I was at a relatives house . The ube cheesecake is to die for . They have a lot of delicious desserts .
Really enjoyed the atmosphere . Great food . The service is a little slow but your in Vegas so take your time and enjoy . .
If you want great pizza this place is a must ! Besides delicious pizza the food is great too ! Awesome lil family owned mom n pop kinda place ! Definitely a must taste ! ! !
Our server Trixie was AWESOME ! ! ! We tried the Thursday Combo Heaven daily special . What a wonderful sampler . The firecracker chicken tacos were delicious with just enough spice . Would definitely come back .
Love this place . . . I recently found this hidden gem . They have tasty fry bread & great people !
We had a great time tonight ! Food was awesome and our server Mieka was fabulous ! Oh , and loved the live music .
Benihana is always a must for me whenever i go to a new city . Visited my family and didnt disappoint . Everyone was friendly . Food was great . Thanks for a wonderful experience .
We tried few pitchers of margaritas and I loved the watermelon cucumber margarita ! It was so amazing ! Will definitely go back for it
Thank you for a fantastic breakfast before starting the trek west ! Going to be hard finding better pancakes and thick slices of bacon anywhere !
Amazing breakfast called the standard . Make sure you add the gyro . All for under $ 10 including bottomless coffee . I challenge anyone to find a better breakfast deal in the city !
Great dining experience with outstanding service . The food was excellent and the Groucho ' s came to the table regularly . I highly recommend !
Omg this store has everything and it ' s all a good price . Definitely will be coming back . Ali helped me out with everything . I am definitely a happy customer
Awesome company . They came out to my house to inspect for termites , found none , and then charged me nothing at all ! David was very professional and helpful . Highly recommended !
Excellent , pofessional staff and great service . Wonderful experience all around . Very engaging and informative . Never mind going .
Worth the wait but don ' t be in a hurry . Food is phenomenal . You won ' t be sorry eating here .
Came in last minute for Valentine ' s Day and edible arrangements made it simple and easy for me . My boyfriend loved it and I will definitely be back .
Best sushi in town . Favorite dishes : spicy shrimp roll & shrimp tempura appitizer . Food is always fresh and yummy !
Visiting from CA . I ' m pretty picky and this place is wonderful . Gel fill and a pedicure . Service was great , friendly and professional .
Greatest place in Las Vegas ! ! ! ! Great service ! Great food ! Super nice for families ! Affordable .
I ordered the Bimbimbop stone pot and my husband ordered the combo . It was super delicious and I would like to add that they have the best kimchi ! Would definitely be back ! Service was great
Nice place , we went and not too busy for them but we got great service , food was good also I love the pancakes over here . Definitely coming back to try more of there menu
Really fun playground . My son loves it , he is only 1 year old and he likes to play in the toddler area . only 10 dollars to play all day .
The pork / pineapple tacos are amazing ! Our server was friendly and upbeat even though they were closing soon . Prompt service and hot food !
Very well priced Korean food and hit the spot . Got kalbi take out and some small sides . Definitely will be returning !
No question , this is our favorite Chinese food anywhere in Charlotte . Jack ' s hot - and - sour soup is the best going .
They really are improving things big time ! ! ! All meat has been fresh and delicious . The tanks look clean ! Love this place !
Great tamales and mole enchiladas ! I highly recommend for anyone who enjoys authentic Mexican cuisine .
This was a delicious treat . We may have found a new favorite sushi place in Scarborough !
Great , tender and juicy soulvalki , perfect salads , great atmosphere !
The service was excellent . Our server was new and she did a wonderful job ! The staff was very accommodating as our group grew from 6 to 13 unexpectedly .
Super yummy . Great value . Everything tasted delicious and put our thai food back home to shame . This place does an excellent job and has great service .
Really good I love the sushi killer bees yum The food was well prepared I also enjoy the fried rice
I love this little place . The food is fantastic . The owner Rick is very personable and makes it pleasant to eat here . I wish I could eat here 7 days per week .
The best hookah lounge in the area by far . Great staff , good entertainment , and relaxing laid back environment .
I needed Health Insurance for a legal practice . Triangle provided me with three extremely competitive bids and helped me bind coverage with Highmark . Top notch service , very helpful and patient staff . Highly recommend .
Every thing I ' ve tried here is great . From the sandwiches and soups to the pastries and espresso drinks . Service is great , always good coming in and seeing Oliver .
Went to get a Smog . Good customer service , in and out and conveniently open on Sundays ! 20 bucks for the simple smog which was all I needed . Recommend to anyone
Great location being right at the waterfront . Efficient and friendly staff ; it ' s a good addition to the city ' s shore . How could you not love deep fried dough covered in sugar ?
Great experience here ! They did an excellent job on my nails and were super nice ! I definitely recommend this place to others and will be going back !
I Love this Lake . It is amazing how close this pristine lake is to Scottsdale . If you take Butcher Jones road on the North side of the lake you can avoid some of the people traffic .
A must see if in Toronto ! ! Awesome drinks . Great vibe . Good music . Incredible staff !
Simply the best Mexican food you can get in Cleveland , in a super cozy atmosphere with great drinks and service . Pineapple margaritas are incredible . Make sure you show up early though .
The coolest guys to buy from . Very friendly and helpful . Not your typical wannabe " operators " who work gun counters .
See my check in for this place . Good place nearby everything down town . Seem family run . Service for pride .
Great bouldering - lots of different problems that caters to all levels . Staff is friendly and place is big . Got rained out at Red Rocks and this was a true Refuge .
Place rocks so much food and service was great I will definitely be back here and special drinks they make are wonderful
Just had lunch here today . The service was great . Tried a new dish of octopus and rice were delicious . The sangria was also very good . The caldo verde soup was also wonderful .
Great place and good with kids . Service outstanding . Duck pizza and pork shoulder were standouts .
This place has a nice patio and the interior feels cozy . The waitress smiled a lot .
I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant . The food is super fresh and prepared quickly . The taste is phenomenal and you will never be disappointed !
Best Las Vegas Roll ! Try the Spicey Ramen noodle bowl . Portions are large and the prices are great !
We had breakfast sandwiches and Apple fritters , and everything was delicious . The girl who helped us was very sweet , and the prices seemed perfect for what we got . The variety of doughnuts was impressive .
Bought my boyfriend a last minute birthday bundt . What an amazing place and amazing cake ! !
Love the muffins and the relaxed feel of the place . It ' s on the short list for great eats for sure . Food always pleases .
Wongs is the BOMB ! ! ! ! Chop Suey is yummy yummy to my tummy ! ! ! ! Nuff said = p
Friendly service and excellent pierogi , Polish sausage , and other charming Eastern European goodies : )
Such a treat after driving cross country and experiencing terrible Starbucks this is a breath if fresh air . . . Fast and friendly
Great company to service your AC needs . Fair , honest and knowledgeable . They never tried to " up sale " me into buying extra items . This is the company to call .
Jenny did a great job with my nails she ' s sweet and very talented . I will definitely be coming back for prom nails and touch ups ! ! The shop is cozy and modern too !
Martin in the lobby bar is the BEST bartender . Amazing bloody Mary ' s and incredible service ! ! ! Bravo ! ! !
Best food in Olive Garden that been is here . Friendly staff we ask for private are for six of as the they did gave it to as .
Cute restaurant with a nice atmosphere . The food is delicious , try the pad Thai that comes wrapped in a delicious edible package .
I have been coming here since I was a kid and will never stop . The owner is a class act and the food is amazing . You won ' t find better kabob anywhere else .
Great ambience , food and service . Joanne , our server was great at giving advice to make the perfect selections . I would highly recommend trying this restaurant .
My husband and I love coming here ! Great good and great service ! Yesterday we went there to celebrate our Anniversary ! Our server Jennifer was amazing ! Excellent service ! ! ! ! !
Been coming to this place since I was a kid , the ownership changed and the lemonade is a little different , but the burgers are the same . Love it very much .
Me and my kids love going to this place . We always leave satisfied . Good Udon , good clean place , friendly staff . I would highly recommend it .
Legit food spot . Awkward restaurant setup but the gumbo and jambalaya are totally legit . And the desserts . No beer or alcohol though : (
Great Matcha Tea Boba smoothies . Very authentic and fast service . Give it a try , you won ' t regret it .
Called them this morning for an ant problem I am having . Called at 8 he was there an hour later right on time . Great service will be using them monthly : )
This place has everything for flooring . We looked everywhere for stair supplies and Bruce was very helpful . They also have some really cool furniture pieces and knick knacks
The food is very great and all of the workers are very nice great restaurant ! I recommend the Flying Avacado and the Mac and Cheese .
Service , food , and beer selection are always top - notch ! Whitney Wings are the best wings I ' ve ever had and the atmosphere is cool , fun , and always a good time !
Pretty solid lunch buffet . Clean , well priced & decent food . It does the job if you have a craving . It ' s not overly oily like most places ! Atmosphere is pretty casual .
Alex and his family do an incredible job ! Friendly atmosphere , great food and fast . Crab angels are great , as are the California rolls and teriyaki .
Such a tranquil and relaxing visit with my best girls . Massages . Foot scrubs . Facials . Dry sauna . Great customer service . Will be coming back on next vegas trip .
I had a wonderful experience during a conference ! Every event had Jenn helping to keep things happy and running smoothly . Love her ! ! ! !
So bomb . Unique menu , weekly specials , amazing pho !
Hayleigh was great , very attentive and informative about specials ! She made girls night for us extra fun . Thanks again , H !
This is my go to store for pool care and help . Staff is always helpful and friendly . 90 % they offer me coupons to save money when I don ' t have one on hand .
On of the bests of the bests . This mall , Scottsdale mall , and tempe marketplace are hands down the best malls in Arizona
The steak and fries were amazing and so well done . The wait staff was incredible even when we had food allergies and I really enjoyed the environment : )
The best coffee and Tea in Las Vegas ! Amin is so nice and friendly ! ! ! Now a lifelong customer !
Best Subway experience ever . The employees are super friendly and very professional . I get greeted , thanked and presented with a sandwich that could be used in a commercial .
I ' ve never met such nice instructors before I ' ve been to hot yoga where they call you out and make you feel uncomfortable during class but not here !
Great wings , great onion rings , cold beer . Simple but done not quite right so many other places . Respect the hotness warnings for the wings . Hot honey garlic is a revelation .
Me and my wife decided to stop by this new opening place , and their crepes were divine ! We are surprised that it ' s the best crepes we have had so far !
Came in for a few beers . Got hungry and had the oxtail fries . Atmosphere was awesome , bar tender was knowledgable and friendly , and the fries were awesome .
Thank you Dr . Wallin for correcting this mishap ! God bless you and your business ! I was very depressed when I left your office yesterday but really appreciate you calling me personally and making things right .
Amazing Indonesian food . Wonderful service I ' m definitely coming back . Two thumbs up
Place is very busy and packed quickly . Prices and quantity is better than the nearby Asian Legend .
best place ever . gerry get to class at the pit vegas !
This place is the real deal ! The food is genuine , no Tex - Mex in sight . Ceviche , Carnitas and quac were on point . They made a damn good margarita as well !
Wow , talk about a business doing things right ! Customer service outstanding . Pricing best I found , especially after the $ 10 for $ 20 . They did a beautiful repair on our Ipad mini .
A long time Vegas staple ! BB Diner is GREAT for breakfast . Hearty 2 - 3 - 4 egg breakfast combos . Try the waffles !
Favorite bar in the area ! Best is going down after work and enjoying the very pleasant , relaxing atmosphere , staff is very welcoming and kind !
Awesome modern Mexican place , cool ambiance , nice artisan food and good cocktails ! ! Love it
Love it here ! Dr . Smith is very timely with your appointment and also kind and attentive listening to your concerns and answering questions .
Some of the best damn jerky around they have supreme layered flavors and amazing sauces to go with it . Their fruit rolls are phenomenal and the BBQ is ever lasting joy ! !
Cookies were perfect , water was appreciated . Whoever is working tonight is a life saver ! Thanks for keeping us out of the rain
Amazing food and service . Way to Go Nandos . The chicken and its sauces are to die for .
Definitely the best sushi place in Cleveland . The fish is always fresh and even if you ' re not in the mood for raw sushi , they have all sorts of variety to satisfy your desires .
Always great service ! Thin crust pizza is great as well . Try a side salad and add some bruschetta on top ! Can ' t beat it . The happy hour is a good deal too !
Really fun place with tons of things to do . Glow in the dark mini golf was fun besides the little kids behind us rushing us because they couldnt play by any sort of rules properly .
Their scones are the best ever ! ! This is a great bakery ! Try the blueberry muffins also !
Not only will they replace your cracked windshield with your insurance but they do a mean job on car wash tip ! Andrew and George are the bomb dot com ! Thanks guys !
Excellent service . Each ordered a pizza , but could ' ve easily split one . Great crust ! !
The Ahi Tuna sandwich was phenomenal . If you really like garlic get the garlic fries . I highly recommend Joe ' s . All 4 of us were very happy !
Just awesome place to eat . Price is reasonable for the amount of serving and the goodness of their foodhappy tummy .
Turned a salad into a wrap and it was the best decision I made all day ! Amazing and HUGE !
This place is awesome ! Tons of home decor you don ' t see at other places and the friendliest employees . Ask for grandpa Bruce when you go !
Always stop by when we visit Akron . Great service and food . Especially love the milk shakes .
worth the wait , worth the sometime crappy service ( unless you get the guy ) . food is good and cheap .
Sushi , service was excellent . The show was pretty cool too ! Definitely will be going back on our next visit .
Friendly customer service & great sushi with fresh fish ! Tempura ice cream is a must try ! Will be coming back !
Bruce does amazing work , very fast and responsive . We got our Subaru wrx tinted in 2015 . Was super happy with the result that we recently went back and had our Forester tinted .
This place continues to amaze me . Not your same ol sandwich shop . Packed with flavor ! A little pricey but by far worth it .
This it ' s my favorite sushi place in the valley . The staff is super friendly and they serve you quickly with a smile .
I have visited this location twice , both times everything was delicious and service was great . I would definitely recommend them to anyone their cakes are absolutely fantastic .
Mesa is spicy and I love it . The young lady that works at the bar takes great care of you . The pork entree is my favorite . The quesadilla app is a great starter .
Absolutely amazing and delightful experience . If you ' re in Las Vegas , be sure and get off the Strip and indulge yourself . You will not be disappointed .
Awesome price of $ 25 for a gel mani . Lots of OPI gel colors too ! Everyone is really nice and takes their time . My favorite place : )
Great cars , great races . My husband and son love this place . It ' s worth visiting every trip .
Go here and get Fernando as a waiter . Unbelievable service and amazing carnitas ! Also get the homemade guac , great time !
Vegetarian glass noodle soup , and the squash curry . EAT HERE OH MY GOD IT IS SO FNNNG GOOD
Food is delicious . pakwan special biryani has a unique authentic flavor which you dong find in any other Indian restaurants . Andhra chepala pulusu is the best . Great food ! keep it up .
One of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh . . . always delicious always fresh ! ! So so so good like my girlfriend ` s legs .
The Best in the area ! The staff and how they treat your pet makes you feel comfortable in knowing your pet is in good hands .
Always great service ! ! ! BEST HUMMUS ! ! ! ! Healthy , yummy and good prices ! ! ! And all the exclamation ! ! ! ! ! Lol
Great place for tires and service . You feel the appreciation when you walk through the door . Always solid service and great prices . I drive 25 mins away from my house to do business here .
Friendly and very competent trainers , clean , modern and state of the art facility , challenging workouts . The reason we signed up for Victoria Park . The best in Montreal ! !
Affordable , professional . Amazing customer service ! Workers were right on time and left my place clean and clutter free . Thank you !
So I just called today and Monica who was amazing at solving all my problems no longer works here . : ( I ' m sad because I don ' t trust other service advisors . .
excellent service amazing food i will recommend them i spend good time i was there with friends
Super amazing food ! The gnocchi to the eggplant and pizza even . . . everything was spot on ! The gnocchi especially was my favorite . The pesto sauce was smooth and rich with flavor .
Beautiful atmosphere , knowledgable staff & delicious food . Items were creative , fresh & delicious . Would love to come back here !
Amazing Food and staff . They let us in and did not rush us , even if we arrived 10 mins before closing time
Super knowledgeable and friendly . They helped me when no one else could . I would recommend them to any android users . They really know their stuff .
Great place ! Love the layout and design of the inside . Much better than older locations .
Had the mix and match . Turkey sandwich & Chicken Noodle Soup . The service was fast and food came out fresh . Much better prices than Panera Bread .
Amazing Amazing Amazing , service and food‼Everything about I Love Sushi is superb . James you are wonderful . Thank you Randy for knowing exactly how we love our food . Thank you beautiful Dee for supreme service .
The Staff is super friendly and helpful ! Love their sale rack ! My daughter is an avid shopper of Athletic wear and this brand is right up there with Nike and Adidas : )
Love staying here ! They re - did the lobby and it ' s beautiful ! Love our room and the pools are awesome !
Great ! Love his place ! Been around forever The wings are awesome and everybody is super nice .
So happy with the owner Ellen , had to exchange a top and it was quick and easy . So pleasant and wonderful clothing .
Lovely ! Family - run , homemade food , quiet setting . My new favorite Saturday morning spot !
Great place . . . was here Saturday evening ( 9 / 10 ) , outside bartender was awesome . Service was the best I ' ve ever had . Definitely going to go back !
Excellent fish tacos and berry cobbler . The suicide salsa is amazing . Great service and the bathrooms are clean and smell like Hawaiian febreze . Could use better wifi .
Great place for breakfast . Food well prepared and lots of it . Service friendly and attentive . Prices reasonable . Gets very crowded on weekends .
Very delicious hot mocha . Friendly service and clean working area . Chit chatted a bit and talked about our " Coffee adventures " in phoenix . Store front is so cute and chic .
Really love this place . Great , unique burgers and awesome fries
Came here on a Thursday and the bartender was so nice A great happy hour special and a nice atmosphere !
Vegan menu . Vegan safe Mexican food is hard to cum by but this place not only has vegan options but a whole page in the menu that is vegan . Loved the food
Really flavorful authentic Thai cuisine . Excellent service . Great value . Will be coming back .
Great selection . Delicious ! Very generous portion size . The sushi kimbap is a must . Udon was yummy
Outstanding service seated , fed and out the door in 32 minutes . They really impressed me ! I got the pad broccoli , so good ! I ' d highly recommend it !
Authentic , flavorful , inventive . . . delicious ! ! ! ! Food quality is 5 stars . Service was wonderful too . Can ' t wait to come back !
Fast , professional service . Had to join My Choice . But that was ez and there wasn ' t a charge to change my delivery location .
Superb service and professionalism . It was our first time there and we will definitely be back . We felt like family . Very relaxing and products are very high quality .
If you like the movies , you will love this show ! So much fun ! ! ! ! Sit in the blood zone totally worth it
I had the Philly Cheese Stake sub & French fries . The French fries are a new menu item . They make it fresh as you order . Thank you Yelp for the complimentary chips & drink !
Wow ! A brilliant oasis in the desert ! Great service , great choices . This is our new favorite place . Options for gluten and dairy free food . Tasty and marvelous !
Two other AC companies were going to charge me double for the same fix . Accutemp has a new customer for life ! Highly recommend !
Great food and service ! There ' s a hookah lounge upstairs that is clubby but fun . People there are super enthusiastic and care about your experience . I ' d totally go back !
This steak House has to be one of the best steak houses I ' ve ever been to ! From the staffs professionalism and to the amazing food . I 1000 times recommend this restaurant .
Order food from this place for dinner and everything was so amazing . I cant stop raving .
BOMB‼‼‼‼‼ warm roll with lemon butter is soooooooo good and bread wasn ' t soggy . Service was fast also , didn ' t eat the lobster tots but they looked delicious
Thank you to Guy , Cory , and Jerry , we had an awesome time during our tour ! Thanks for singing Happy bday to my husband Jesse ! Highly recommended !
Very good Filipino food ! Go closest to lunch when everything is freshly prepared .
I love the beet salad and date milkshakes . Food is really good and love the atmosphere . Tons of outdoor seating under huge trees . Another good place for big groups and or bringing kids .
The best Japanese restaurant in Arizona . Fresh , varied , and the staff were cool .
Drove from west side of Cleveland to visit over the weekend . Found a book I ' ve been looking for for months . Friendly staff and HUGE collection of back stock . Well worth a visit .
Awesome ! Aussie awesome ! Really nice nice nice Nice owner Nice interior Nice coffee Everything is so so nice ! This place is fair dinkum
We have brought multiple Mercedes into this shop and they are always great to work with and more affordable then the dealer !
I love island style ! ! The owner is super nice and the food is great every time .
They got us an initial appointment and surgery date super quick . I would totally recommend them
First off , LOVE the fact that the kitchen is open until 1 am , the portions are generous , excellent doneness of the steak and most of the menu items are under $ 20 !
Finally a Starbucks on my way to work . It ' s inside Frys Marketplace . Nothing really to say other than it ' s new and clean and it ' s Starbucks .
If I know someone who needs detective services , I always refer them to Dana & Marc . They are awesome !
Great vegetarian friendly food . Excellent coffee . Wonderful yarn selection . If I lived closer , I would probably be here multiple times a week .
Good vegetarian burro for the right price . Not on the menu though , ask for it with papas inside . . . .
Super friendly family owned place with great food , great service , and really cool specials !
Pollo asado and bistec had amazing flavors . You can tell they are using quality ingredients . I want to go back and try them all . The whipped cheesecake dessert was also incredible .
I walked in this morning and was helped right away by Ivy . She did a great job with my SNS manicure and was very sweet . I will definitely be coming back !
I love this place all the instructors so far are kind and helpful . Really clean place with a variety of classes from Pilates to yoga , Trx , kettelball I am sure there is more .
Best place for Happy Hour in Phoenix , Arizona ! Nothing over $ 5 bucks and you get more for your money . Service is fantastic ; excellent food ; trendy crowd .
Loved this juice spot ! They had a great selection of smoothies as well as fresh pressed juices . I felt so much better drinking this after a night of bar hopping . it was the perfect remedy !
Best food ever . . . also try the vegan banana pecan loaf with chocolate ganache . . . hands down to Alex . . . it was yummy
Pizza is greasy but delicious and the hot wings are amazing . Defiantly don ' t judge the place by the looks . They even have lunch specials .
Been going there for years and really believe he takes care of what is wrong with you and never tries to sell you anything . Very easy to talk to and schedule a appointment .
Not one that ' s typically into chains but I love the Zuppa Toscana soup and salad here . Service is always exceptional at this location .
Great place , took my 2016 mustang in and the job was clean and well done . Not to mention it only took an hour and a half
Great food , drinks , nice servers , and great style of the restruant with its catchy name ! Great job !
Fernando was really cool . I will be coming back with my significant other . Thanks for the good service man !
Awesome place near Overture Theater . Scott , the bartender , is fantastic . The Brussels sprouts are amazing . Try the basaltic cocktail . Great !
We are always excited to go to this place and get our tree ! As long as they bring the trees , we will keep coming back .
Great selection , great prices , amazing customer service ! ! And super cute guard dog too : )
lord jesus itsa fire ! the food is grrrrd ! y ' all hungry ? go eat there ! extra nem nuong sandwich ! ? all dressed ! ? hell yeah !
In Toronto , Yelp guided me the way to here . The atmosphere was just what I like : Fireplace , Leather chairs , Steaks , Whiskey , Awesome bar , great food .
could of sworn I ' ve already written 100 reviews but this place is amazing . . . . salmon teriyaki is my husband ' s fav . I love the chicken and beef w extra meat .
Got the 3 course chef ' s testing dinner , and every single thing that came out of that kitchen was fantastic . Service and atmosphere was also good .
My new fav . . . . Joseph the bartender was knowledgeable and made excellent drinks , the food was amazing . . . Sergio a cook made the best pork carnitas dinner plate .
Best shellac I ever had , very reasonable price : ) I love this place , highly recommend !
Great food , delivery guy was so nice , and the prices are so cheap ! ! Will be ordering again : )
Great food with a nice ambiance ! Thomas was our waiter and he was excellent . Will definitely be back again !
First time great food , staff , wine cannot say enough good ! Matt was our server and did an excellent job !
Love their sandwiches ! ! Just as tasty as Carnagie , Stage etc , but much more resonalbe in price and size . The other two are fricken ridiculous ! ! ! !
What an amazing experience ! The decor is beautiful and comfortable . . . the service perfect and the food so delicious . Can ' t wait to take the rest of my family there .
Just ordered from here for the first time and I was not disappointed at all . Portions were filling and tasted fantastic . Definitely gunna order from here again .
Ate here twice and everything is perfection . Especially the Stetson salad . It ' s unlike any other salad and a must try !
Been here 5 separate times and never an issue , it ' s absolutely perfect : ) the food is amazing , the staff is friendly , and everything is absolutely spotless .
Great plce to grab quick bite , fresh food , modernized new way of service healthy food , enjoyed every bite . Sure will be coming back
Awesome food , even better decor . I got the burrito bowl and it was amazing . My son got the 3 flour tacos . Would definitely come again !
The wings were really good , but both times I ' ve been there the waitresses have been quite rude . But it was definitely worth it for the wings !
Great price and food is always good . I am a fan of the new wood grill style . Chop salad is my fav .
Really good Chinese food ! And quick delivery , our food came 15 mins earlier than expected
Love coming here for my record needs . Prices are comparably cheap and much better than Recordland .
Nice job , especially on salt stains , my car looks new , ill definitly recommande this place , price is worth the quality of work and friendly ppl too !
Chris was awesome today . He greeted me right as I walked in , he made an awesome sandwich and his customer service was top notch . Went way above my expectations and would consider returning .
Awesome pork shoulder dinner . I will defiantly be returning to try more of the deliciousness coming out of this kitchen . Pricing appears to be of good value upon this first visit . Thanks for the hospitality
Start with the pretzels . Pastrami sandwich is outstanding .
Basic food group : Juicy burgers and fries !
Getting the waffle works - strawberry cream cheese stuffed French toast - plain pancakes - cheesy cheese omelet & regular French toast . . . the family ' s order ! Everything tasted amazing ! Great service too !
So delicious ! Went here with a friend , who got the vermicelli , and I got the beet burger . Both absolutely delicious , and the waitress was super sweet . Will definitely be going here again !
Great food , nice service . Best Korean bbq at Vegas . There is waiting line so you have to get there early
This is the only nail salon where you are guaranteed not to have to wait when you walk in with no appointment . Love , love , love this place !
Come here for lunch . We have oxtails fried rice , spicy bun bo hue . Very good . Great atmosphere . awesome service
I loooooooove this show ! Will come again and again . . . One of Las Vegas best show . . . Chocolate M . Thunder ( 8 / 21 / 17 )
Good service . Good product . Great price . Friendly and careful technician . Would highly recommend .
I love this pizza place ! They have great service , great pizza , and I love the atmosphere . Their beer selection is good and I love the build your own pizza menu : )
Delicious ! ! Pasta and pizza were so good . The service was very friendly & there was such a cozy vibe . I would recommend to anyone interested in a homey , family type joint ! !
Matt was super helpful and honest . He helped us with our AC and his customer service was amazing . Thank you for a great experience with your company that I was not familiar with .
OMG the food and drinks were so good ! Very pleased for a late night spot . The prices were right for the quality of food . Very good
Soul is amazing ! The pork belly tacos are awesome ! I like the fried goat cheese it ' s so creamy . My fav is the stuffed shells !
My favorite spot ! Altho please make the raisins come back in the pineapple fried rice
Great experience . Andrea helped me out , she was courteous and knowledgeable .
Favorite new thai food restaurant ! Friendly and prompt customer service . And of course food is amazing .
This is second time for me to visit this salon . I am so impressed again by their hospitality and skills . Both of the stylists are very professional yet super friendly .
I lived in Medina for nine years and we would eat here 2 or 3 times a week . My family still drives 45mins for special occasions . Delicious italian food and awesome catering too .
The best sushi in Madison ! The saba is marinated in house , and the Rice is perfect . This restaurant has spoiled me against all the other sushi joints in town .
Great customer service and great food . I go twice a week for lunch . Great lunch specials and extremely healthy food . I highly recommend this place .
I normally get orange chicken at every Chinese place but I got sweet and sour here . And we loved it . It ' s seemed to be very clean . Cannot wait to try their orange chicken .
Dimitri is the man . Hard worker . He ' s got a big fan base so don ' t be surprised if there ' s a wait .
Matt was super friendly and courteous . The entire staff was attentive and friendly , as well .
Great specials on mail box rentals and many printing specials and DHL shipping . The lady at the Counter is the sweetest ever , so helpful ! Love the new management .
This place gets better and better . Happy hour gets lit haha . Definitely come check this place out .
This place is Great ! and FYI this Christmas Eve I ' ll be enjoying all you can eat for the low low price of $ 9 . 99
Fantastic food ! Great happy hour specials ! Clueless waitresses but awesome chefs !
thank you to Jordan and Alexis for letting me get my car washed at 5 : 56pm . . right before closing time . Much appreciated and the reason why I love getting my car washed here .
I adore their pour over selection and their cold brew is to die for . There is ample space to relax and enjoy your coffee . Favorite unwind after work .
Not fancy at all ( we just stumbled upon it leaving Vegas ) , but really great Mexican breakfast with excellent service and reasonable prices .
One of my favorite sushi place in Madison , try the sweet shrimp , deep fry the head , it ' s AMAZING ! ! !
Love Pei Wei so much ! Great employees and even better food . . . They have so many gluten free options and I always leave with left overs !
Wish they never took off the kale and sweet potato tacos off the menu but i still love coming here .
the staff was friendly and honest . Thomas was very helpful and knowledgeable . With everything that was wrong with my car the price was very reasonable , about three hundred less than the estimate .
Great quick service . Very professional and price is definitely competitive . Went on a Saturday morning and though they would make me wait a few hours but they worked quickly . Topped off all my fluids .
Yummyy . . . my sister brought me sea salt ouh my god thats was a bomb ! ! Tasted very good . Definitely will coming back next time .
Went for brunch ans had a great time , they have a great deck , the food and mimosas were reallu goof and the staff was very friendly , i would definitely recommend .
I just want to say how clean and fresh the pizzeria looked and yes the pizza is great ! !
This place is great ! I come here all of the time . The servers are very nice and friendly .
Great service , fast , clean and friendly staff . Love that they have Belly at their store with great deals ! The ice cream is always yummy and they have great food with affordable specials .
Very good steak house . The PBR was amazing Everyone is friendly and so much to do in one spot
Best food ever , for a great price ! Owner always comes out and says hello , love this place !
This place is amazing . Let me tell you , I had the ribs with two sides . Mac and cheese and baked beans . So good ! ! ! ! ' You have to try it .
Always a positive vibe when the proprietor and crew shows pride in service offered an appreciation for consumers . Cool , got that bonus freebie coupon for checking in on Yelp . Well done !
Wonderful atmosphere and inspired sushi . Fresh mindful and delicious . I can ' t wait to go back
The best . Atmosphere is amazing food is so fresh u can ' t stop eating . Great for groups or late night date
Awesome food . Large portions . Fast friendly service . French Onion soup is the BEST ! ! ! Prices are very reasonable .
Ummmm why isn ' t this a place everywhere ? FRESH PASTA ! And it is affordable . They have every choice and very accommodating for diet restrictions too . Also , the desserts are amazing .
The coaches are motivating , knowledgeable , and effective ! I highly recommend this type of work out !
This place is amazing ! It has a super cool vibe to it . The food is great and they people are so sweet . I will most definitely be back ! !
Fresh , delicious donuts at reasonable prices ! Such a big selection of flavors . My favorite is stopping in and grabbing a bag of glazed donut holes ! Staff is extremely patient and friendly .
Walked in an gotta hair cut that was first class in any place I ' ve been for 15 $ I ' m 70 Thanks
Great prices , quick shipping and great customer service . Thanks Spencer for all your help . I will be ordering the rest of my parts for the 82 CB 750 build .
Daniel is fantastic . He understands hair , is patient and undersranding in his consults , and definitely got into the business for the right reasons .
Such a great environment , very fresh and good food and at around $ 20 a person . I ' ll be back again ! Also great for kids .
The flavors are amazing and we didn ' t leave feeling heavy and extra full like other Indian places .
Came in for lunch . Nice little place , very friendly staff . Had the beef / lamb gyro and it was excellent ! Would absolutely eat there again !
The ceviche was awesome as well as the octopus tacos . I would definitely recommend trying the oaxaca old fashion . The burnt orange really added to the flavor .
My trainer at EOS is the best ! I really couldn ' t have stayed consistent without Ian ! I really needed the push ! It has definitely been worth it for me !
Pho was phantastic ! Thrilled to have found this place , I ' ll be adding it to the list of my favorite Vegas restaurants .
Che is just so great ! Good ambience in the shop as well .
I have never had Caribbean food until eating here and I have been missing out . They have a very relaxed environment and I felt the love through the food .
These guys are great have taken my two cars there many times from major and minor problems . The guys fix it right and in timely manner .
Pretty good service . Needed an appointment for a oil change but was in and out . I will go back when needed . Seemed like a fair price
All of the workers are very nice and kind . The food is absolutely amazing . The cake is worth it and delicious !
Fast and neat service at a reasonable price . Technicians were polite and professional . I would recommend .
Great employees friendly enviorment only downfall is its constantly busy but well worth the wait !
Great local atmosphere ! Wings were very good . . . highly recommend . Fries were also good . Steelers fans will love it .
Loved this quiet quaint coffee shop which was walking distance from the golden nugget hotel as well as Fremont street . They accommodated our keto diet too ! !
I ' ve been coming here for at least 2 years mostly for takeout . Consistently good food , friendly staff . Classic Korean dishes . We really enjoy the soups .
YUM . Very good oysters . Recommend Rockefeller , fried , blue point raw and kamamuto raw . Would also recommend Windjammer . Will be back next weekend !
Very helpful in customer service and was willing to give out samples of all the products had really beneficial items for pain reduction supplements that are all natural and really work .
Yum ! Sweet potato fries are the best also LOVE the mushroom and chicken scramble for breakfast . Nice to sit outside . Staff if friendly and service is great .
Delicious food , great service . A little on the pricey side . Great for a date night ! !
This place has the best baked goodies from cakes to baked bread as well as coffee . Any sandwich you get is amazing ! Beautiful cozy and relaxing .
Such a great neighborhood spot . The food is excellent . The service is even better . The owner makes everything with his mother . They are good people and I just want to see them succeed .
LEILANI YOU ROCK ! ! Came in with shoulder pain and a headache , left walking on clouds . . . .
My favourite sandwich and coffee stop in the city ! Always have a great experience . Staff is friendly and amazing . Today I had an Americano and a Cajun Chicken sandwich . . . highly recommend .
This is definitely the best chocolate in Madison , and the best I have ever had anywhere . Gail Ambrosius is my go - to place for gifts for any occasion , and the recipients always LOVE it .
I had very friendly service , topped off work some very tasty tacos . Great toppings , which you get to hand deliver to your tacos .
The service and food exceeded our expectations . Wonderful family ( that gets along ) restaurant . Reasonably priced . If my mom loves their eggplant parm , it has to be good !
So good service was excellent nice service and great food they even gave us a roll on the house soooooo nice clean and sooooo SWEET ! I will be back ! ! !
Love this place ! Service can be a bit slow ( tough to get someone ' s attention ) , but food is delicious and generously - portioned .
Fabulous ambiance paired with a unique wine selection topped off with knowledgeable engaging staff . We tasted a wine that would never have crossed our palette otherwise . Highly recommend .
First time boarding my doggie and he had a great time . Staff was very friendly , specifically Paula . She was very helpful . Would highly recommend sending vaccine ahead of time makes it easier .
This place gets you in quick and has great service and good food . I really like the skillet breakfast , just tell them light cheese , otherwise it ' s a mountain !
Brandon , Timothy and Zachariah all worked on ny car . They did a great job , Brandon was knowledgeable and nice .
All I can say is wow . Blackened mahi tacos made me come back a second day in a row . Now that the blue line extension runs through Noda I ' ll be going a lot more .
My last meal would be the honey hot sweet potato fries super cute spot . Service was great !
So good . If you are in Charlotte you should come here - although getting a table may be difficult . It ' s loud and crowded , but the food is so worth it
Great quality service ! I will absolutely use ABSO again . They really accommodated my family quickly in a short amount of time and were very friendly . Thank you !
I still love the food here . Olivier is so nice that it makes me feel good supporting his business . My only complaint . . . . wash the windows and doors please .
This has been my favourite Cora ' s location so far . The fruit was fresh , the service was courteous and attentive and the gluten free option was delicious .
Best burger I ' ve EVER had and I ' ve had some great ones . Went with the guacamole and it was perfection .
Glad to have Pizza Di Roma as a choice on the west side . Went for lunch and pizza was great . Great selection and the slice prices are perfect . Will be back soon !
This location is very clean and the workers take care of you ! If you are new or a returning costumer the service is always great and the tans are amazing !
Good food and decent price . Took a while for some of the food to restock once they were off the belt though . Otherwise , good service and great experience .
The pizza is the best ! Im always coming here ! They have the nicest people here , they are always fast , their fries are the best also , the mojo fries are delicious .
State 48 is by far my favorite local joint . We eat here often and have never been disappointed by the delicious food and great service . Highly recommend it !
This place is top notch ! Love their service and they always are friendly and helpful . No thanks to RJ !
Outstanding service . Wonderful colors . Lynn is amazing . I will not be going anywhere else !
Best Greek food in Henderson . Consistently great ! ! Parking tight but worth all the struggles .
Amazing Breakfast Poutine ! The place looks beautiful too , very hipster - cool . Also the waiters are super fun and friendly . Oh and their caramel macchiato was just delicious !
Casey and his crew were really easy to work with . They were particular about things being done right , and we really appreciated it . They did a beautiful job and we would highly recommend !
The food here was great . Really the best I have found in the Phoenix area . The atmosphere not much but everything we tried was top notch . Will be going back soon .
Great Italian food , beautiful setting , staff always tries to get you the best possible seating . Service is prompt and pricing is excellent for the quality .
Great shop with a lot of nice people . The owners are friendly and helpful . This is a great place to hang out and shoot the shit with friends .
I ' m a multiple returning customer . Whenever I drop my shoes , boots or leather bag off for repair , my expectations are always met . Thanks for always taking care of me . Amina .
Go late afternoon , you ' ll get some great sunset shots and it ' ll be cooler to walk around . $ 7 per car for entrance fee . Beautiful place !
Amazing food , wine , and service . The flavors that Bobby Flay comes up with is nothing short of amazing . Probably my favorite restaurant in Vegas .
Their ceviche is amazing ! ! ! ! Carne asada is great too . . . . . . . . . Close to home and my little one loves the apples here lol
Lots of fun . Most of the time you get to meet the artist . NO Food . The drinks are great . Friendly staff .
Lamb is great，highly recommended . Service is great too . White wine tastes very fruity，also nice .
The nicest people , the best selection and amazing customer service . I will be back often and soon !
Our food is always good and the staff is nice , especially in the bar . The only down fall is that it can be a long wait to get seated .
First time I have used AAA to make my vacation plans . Amanda was fabulous , everything was taken care of including the reservation for the rental car . Will be using AAA again .
The food was awesome . . . we ordered the veggie dolma , hummus and chicken shawarma . . . all were very good . Service was good as well . We can ' t wait to be back
Love the micheladas here ! Love the crab legs of course but also like the grilled salmon on rice ! Service is always great here so I dont mind that they charge gratuity . Fun friendly casual atmosphere .
5 star joint . . . nothing less . Met a group of ladies tonight to socialize , have a dragon - something beer from Tucon , and hummus . Yum !
First time ordering from here . So happy we tried Magura ! It hit the spot . Will order again . Thank you : )
Best authentic Szechuan Chinese food ever and it is right down the street from my fiancé ' s house ! Now I have a reason to go see him lol
The sushi is the best I had in Vegas . It ' s delicious and always fresh ! Also try the spicy edamame . It ' s amazing ! The service is great too - always very friendly .
This meal was worth every penny . Sitting on the edge of the patio with views of the Bellagio ' s fountains is , in my humble opinion , the best way to enjoy an awesome steak dinner !
Love the fun and inventive menu ! My sandwich was delicious . I will definitely be going back and testing out another one of there menu items .
Great show , very nice accommodating staffs . If you visiting Vegas add this to your itinerary , you wouldn ' t regret . The acrobats are awesome , drinks were reasonably priced for a casino .
this is a really nice place in a gorgeous casino . Prices are decent and we always run into people we know . . . . Always a good time !
I went to Foothills for an extremely painful neck / nerve injury . Jeremy was my therapist . He is very skilled and knowledgeable . I was very pleased with the experience and results of therapy .
Crazy good food . Hubby and I had the combination beef and chicken plate plus the shwarma pita sandwich . Delicious ! Can ' t wait to go back and try the other items .
I love this place ! The pork buns are delicious as are the curries and drunken noodles . Added bonus - it is BYOB !
Food was awesome ! We had pepperoni rolls , med salad , sausage and meatball sub . It was all great . Good prices . The place was empty but it should be full . Get over there .
Left high roller and decided to treat ourselves . What a great decision ! Customer service was A1 too ! We will back .
BEST burger I ' ve had in a LONG time ! ! ! Great service but still laid back and the NFL ticket . Can ' t say enough how amazing the food it though !
I love me some Nami . Their Haboob drink was my absolute favorite , paired with an everything bagel and vegan garlic and herb cream cheese . The best ! !
new ownership ! do not look at the reviews from the past . very impressive authentic northern Chinese food ! must try ! eating now , ill update later .
They were very helpful and a pleasure to deal with ! I will absolutely call them for my needs in the future .
Mediterranean Lamb plate was totally awesome worth the trip . It is surprisingly hard to find lamb cooked perfectly as this lamb was nicely grilled very moist with fantastic flavor .
Great food very busy when we went I say it the best sushi I have in Calgary
Had the chorizo breakfast burrito enchilada style , explosion of awesome all up in my face !
We love fat cats ! A ton of things for my kids to do and they always provide great service .
Love this place . . . meat selections abound and all are excellent and fairly spicy . Five stars for sure
Hand ' s down the BEST Chicken Pad Thai I have ever eaten . Ever . Clean dining area . Amazing .
Very happy with the service and the care my daughter has received here . I look forward to bringing her here all the time
The most beautiful place you ' ll ever see in Las Vegas ! ! The hiking is fun and the scenery is amazing !
Really nice and friendly staff , feels welcoming and it ' s not my first time here either . Place is always clean and my order is always on point !
The BEST Customer experience I ' ve had in a while . The wings were great but the fries were my favorite ! Will definitely come here again on our next visit to Vegas .
Awesome staff , delicious bites , strong coffee , quaint atmosphere . No disappointment here . . . other than I wish I had enough appetite to order the lovely fruit bowl !
Shawarma ' s are amazing here . They prepare it quick , service is great and people are very friendly and welcoming ! It is reasonably priced too . Would recommend to everyone . : )
This place was great . Great location , great staff , modern rooms etc . They also have a free shuttle service to anywhere within a 3 miles radius . Definitely recommend .
We specifically come to eat here whenever we are visiting Phoenix as we live out of town . It is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in the country . The enchiladas are absolutely incredible .
I had the taiwanese beef noodle soup , pork chop noodle soup and potstickers . All were very tasty and a good price . Probably the only good taiwanese beef noodle soup ive had so far in AZ .
Amazing service , every time . Findlay ' s professionals always go above and beyond , and I will never bring my 5th gen anywhere else !
Being from Southern California , my expectations for burritos are extremely high ; Faustos is the only place in Vegas that meets those expectations .
I ' ve been using these guys for 5 or 6 years and they always do an amazing job with each of my vehicles . I have nothing but great things to say about Blue Wave .
Excellent . Took my team there for team building . We did the FBI room . Very challenging . We missed finishing by a hair . We loved it . Recommend highly .
Their bed and pillow are the best . Sooooo comfortable . I know its a old hotel , but there is no traffic . Valet is really fast . Hotel is cheap . We just love it
Extremely friendly staff . Always a pleasant experience . You can tell that the people who work here love what they do : dogs ! Great relaxing place to wash and bond with your dogs .
Great food , I love the mini waffles and fried chicken , great service as well ! I love to have breakfast here every time at The Orleans !
By chance pass this store . Looks small but comfortable . I bought condensed milk coffee . Strong taste . I love it .
Simply amazing . The show was beautiful , funny , frightening , and haunting all at the same time !
The staff are knowledgeable and professional . I have visited a couple times , they are time efficient and and upfront about the estimates . Never left dissatisfied ! Definitely recommend Cascade !
Visited Blasted Barley today and Marcella helped me out . She was so friendly and knew so much about all of the beers ! 10 / 10 would visit again . Thank you ! ! !
Very , very good food . Friendly staff . A + . Loved the injera , meat and veggie platters
First time here and bummed I waited so long ! ! Food was delish ! ! Great service and super clean ! !
I ordered the Treat Yourself drink with tortilla chips & queso and two tacos . Delicious . The workers were good . Dr . Pepper tasted good .
Awesome guys ! Prompt , efficient and did an excellent job ! I appreciate local business who week hard , and these guys are a great example of hard workers ! Thank you for painting my guest bedroom !
We love authentic hole in the wall food places and this one did NOT let us down . we highly recommend : Steamed BBQ pork buns Shanghai Soup Dumplings Chicken Lo Mein YOU WILL NOT be disappointed .
Burgers that live up to the hype ! Their frys are pretty darned good . Corn dogs are delicious state fair style and the onion rings are some of the best I ' ve had .
The pho is hot and large and tasty , and everyone who ' s in the know knows this place is awesome sauce . Don ' t mind if I do !
Best breakfast I had in Las Vegas . Located right by the rental car facility . Had eggs and a ham steak the best . Buttermilk pancakes were big and fluffy ! Will be back !
My wife and I just moved to Westpark , this is our new favorite place nearby . Food was all excellent and the IPA was perfect !
Best kept secret in the city ! Excellent meats and cheeses . . . But nothing beats a Carlo Sangwich ! Known to very few as the Carlooch Goldie !
I love this place ! Atmosphere is great , coffee is great and so much bakery to choose from . I dont live that close but i never mind driving out of my way to come here
Absolutely delicious and The Spice was just enough . My upper Lip is still burning but it was amazing . The flavors of each dish were so good . The cold Noodles were the best .
Great job , very quick response . Joe made things very convenient for us . Very fair price and overall great value . We definitely recommend !
Excellent food , better service . Maddie was great . She made the experience fantastic !
It was great to find a vegan breakfast option on this menu . Overall , the food looked glorious !
No such thing as a bad time at El Cortez . Great friendly servers . Excellent food . Stiff drinks . Loose slots . Best time ! ! ! Going back for Christmas !
We ' re regulars at this Jersey Mike ' s - friendly staff and great sandwiches ! And , the exterior improvements are looking good .
Rose is so cool and nice ! We had an awesome convo on my very first visit . . . . definitely will come again : ) )
Thank you for the nice and simple wedding . Our family and friends enjoyed and loved it very much .
Awesome ! Great atmosphere . If you like spicy , definitely get the yellowtail special . Sushi bomb is also scrumptious .
This place is great , relax area of Las Vegas , service is always on top . The coffee hat great selection , and the food always is good serve .
Amazing fresh donuts and coffee ! Friendly staff ! Excellent prices ! Cash only , but there is an ATM available .
Great food and service . You have to try the corn bread and save room for dessert ! The rotisserie chick is always amazing
Heavenly Mexican food that delivers to my house . Super legit . Don ' t feel like being funny or witty right now , this is pure information delivery so that you can eat here tomorrow .
I love this place ! The food is great ! ! ! A lot of variety . The crab legs are the best . Great service .
Wonderful service and great food . The gumbo and grits are delicious as well as the ceviche .
It ' s been many years since I ' d been here , so decided to switch it up for lunch . . . . I remember why I used to love it so much now !
Food is authentic and very tasty . We will come back even though it ' s quite a drive from Chandler . Small , intimate dining room with good parking in the back .
Love this place ! I ' ve been coming here since high school , Clarence is super nice . Gives good discounts and gives you honest advice .
Professional , friendly staff ! I had such a great customer experience from each staff member ! I will definitely return again - can ' t get enough of those chocolate strawberries and paninis
Not a bad small airport . Arrived four gates for my next flight . Very clean and organized .
This was amazing Ethiopian food . We ordered through Postmates and when it got here it was still hot and still delicious so I can only imagine how good it would be fresh from the kitchen in the restaurant
Great work , the yard looks amazing and at a much better price than the other quotes I got . Wide selection of turfs to choose from but even the most basic looks great .
Best Pizza in Stoughton period ! Ingredients are fresh and high quality . We usually always get it delivered and they always come within their time window . You can ' t go wrong .
So very good . Everything served was completely delicious . I will gladly visit here again . Try the carbonara , the mac and cheese and he bread pudding .
My daughter just had her 6th birthday party here and it was a huge hit ! It was nice to be able to do something different and the experience was wonderful . Highly recommend !
This use to be the Las Vegas buffet . Now Kirin new owners . The food was excellent , sushi bar , seafood and tradition Chinese favorites . Give this buffet a try , you will like it .
Really an awesome dealership and Dieter is the absolute best in handling any issues with service and more ! Very happy I found this dealership !
Loved it ! Old school charm ! Ordered a Madison Ave , deliciously girly and then a Volstead act , bubbly ! My date got a bourbon basket , spicy ! And then an old fashion ,
Called the same morning I went in for an oil change and they had me in and out of there in one hour . Great service ! Kenny is very courteous and nice .
had a great massage with Kat and brow wax with Afton she ' s very skilled . nice clean lobby and massage rooms
The staff is obviously pretty busy and it ' s the middle of the night and yet they are very friendly ! I honestly downloaded yelp just to say how great the service is here .
La bouffe est très bonne et moi je préfère leur soupe qui toujours d ' un mélange de saveurs exquis . . . hummm vous ne serez pas déçus . . .
Been to this place twice now and have had great experiences both times ! ! ! The associates were very nice and attentive to us great friendly place would definitely recommend to other people ! ! !
Delicious , everyone is so courteous from the phone to delivery . Pizza is reasonably price and the quality is fantastic .
Good service even though the place was packed . The guys here moved through the list pretty quick . I had no issues with scheduled service and so far , the product has been great .
Flawless subs straight out of New Jersey . Ask for miles way it is the best way to go . Jersey Mikes blows Subway out of the water
Just finished riding the High Roller at the LINQ & walking through the courtyard to the Strip . . . . Let me try . Yummy Gelato Sorbet Drink . .
This place helped me out so much ! Eddie & Itzel are amaizing . Come down and see them .
Great service . Called and they were able to take me right away , up front about all the costs , and were really friendly . Mark helped me and was great .
Super tasty vegan spot with great service . It ' s casual and unassuming but definitely my favorite eats in Cleveland .
Prices are reasonable . Atmosphere is nice . Chips and salsa is fantastic . The portions are HUGE and the food is delicious ! I will definitely return ! !
This is the dental office to go to in Scottsdale . Great staff . Everyone here is very friendly . Michelle is very good at her job and is gentle .
Richard does an amazing job ! He was very good with all three of my dogs . I will be having him take of my dogs in the future .
Great place and service . Delicious food and plating . First round of beer is free . Mango chicken Salad was light and flavorful . Highly recommend spicy yellowtail roll absolutely delish .
I have used The Happy Handyman for a number of things around the house for the past couple of years . Great services , great workmanship ! Highly recommend this company
Levetto is awesome ! Pastas are very good , filling but not heavy . The pecking duck pizza is very legit . You should also save room for their desserts ! So good .
Awesome place . Great hotdogs and burgers . The loganberry shake is really good . They can get really busy but the lines usually moves pretty quickly .
Great customer service . The order was hot and fresh . The food was at the right . The French fries are delicious from here .
Las Vegas has some great steak . This place is my favorite for the food . Service is great too . Definitely worth it .
Excellent food and great beverage options . Service was fantastic as well . Their vegetarian options are off the charts . If it ' s available get the cauliflower ramen .
Severino and co are at the forefront of the Pittsburgh foodie / restaurant scene . It doesn ' t get much better than this in Pittsburgh .
We happened to drive by & decided to try it out . We tried the quiche with bacon & the chipotle sandwich . Both were delicious ! Cute little cafe with some very yummy food options .
Absolutely amazing . Damn good food . Every dish was delicious . The drinks were perfect . Great service . Great atmosphere . Love this place .
Great food and friendly staff . We enjoy the shrimp with snow peas - - always extra spicey . They prepare the food quickly and expertly . A real gem to have in the community !
The most authentic Chinese / Asian food i ' ve ever had in the Carolinas . Probably even better than all those places in Atlanta Chinatown . Food is great , servers are really personable and responsive .
They did a great job . Showed up on time . Got the job done quickly and neatly . I would absolutely use them again !
Best Chinese found since moving to Arizona ! Great pricing too . The Mongolian beef lunch special had just the right amount of everything . I will definitely eat here again .
Convenient location and hours . Friendly and fast service always . Location includes a service station and car wash . Interstate car batteries !
Josh was very professional , I will come back here . The lobby is very clean and relaxing . . .
Best yoga studio in Vegas . Love the people , the classes , the facilities - everything about this place is totally incredible .
Love this sushi bar ! Wonderful fresh seafood selections ! Awesome service !
Our go to for a great pizza . Always order the Napoli special because we ' re boring and it ' s delicious !
Loved it . Great selection and Gluten Free options . Delicious and reasonably priced . Worth the drive !
I love my new color and hair do ! Mike was so nice . The shop was relaxed ! A great experience
If you want authentic Mexican food ( No cheese ) and great homemade soup ! This is the place ! ! !
Great location , great food , great atmosphere . Loved the Pad Thai ! Staff was a little slow even for a slow night but the food helped them .
Awesome place ! ! Huge ! ! Great setup and gigantic screens ! ! Had a fantastic time ! ! Great for conventions and concerts ! !
Ive been going to this location for past two yrs . Staff is always helpful and goes above and beyond to help out .
" it ' s a celebration bit $ * es ! " this place is one of my spots ! ! awesome happy hour and great people . great food !
Everyone here is really nice . Its great that there are two offices to choose from depending on which side of town you are on .
We just went on a spontaneous vacation get away with my bestie & it was exactly what we needed . Great atmosphere & great time ! Defiantly will be going back soon !
Excellent selection and excellent customer service . On Black Friday , Kristina took the time to help my son pick out the best baseball bat we could find .
The breakfast combos are such a good deal . I Have never disappointed with selection or quality . The service is always friendly and cheerful !
Delish drinks - try the resurrection or the green bitch . Bartender was helpful at choosing a libation . The place didn ' t have that hipster downtown vibe , bonus !
My favorite Thai place ! Tasty , authentic food and top notch service ! They always remember my order . I love the spicy noodles and the papaya salad .
After 5 years of living here it is still I ' m my opinion the best greek food in all of Vegas ! Still my goto place when looking for a quick bite !
This place is awesome ! Delicious sushi , awesome service , and close to home . Cannot beat it ! !
New to yoga but feel this places is a hidden gem ! ! Very clean studio Wide range of classes Great staff
Been here quite a few times to purchase their walnut cakes . They are perfect little snacks for on the go ! They are quite affordable for the amount you get . Would definitely come back for more !
I highly recommend this company . Their costumer service is excelent . The work that they perform is very good .
Here AGAIN ! Love the food and the staff Keep getting the same thing . . . tempura fish tacos . So good
If you want it done right , go to Habib ' s ! He took care of me and did a great job , thanks .
Prise de rendez - vous rapide avec Facebook . Très bon rapport qualité / prix ! Personnel très attentionné , travail appliqué et soigné . Un grand choix de couleurs de vernis . Bref le top !
So good ! ! The restaurant is lovely inside and our service was great . Yellow curry simply delicious , nice touch with the scoop of ice cream after ! Will be back .
Airport food is bad and as a frequent traveler I just accept it . But the Del Mar Salad at Chelsea ' s Kitchen is the best airport food I have had .
Is Mike still working here ? He has a very long beard . He did a piece for me and it came out great . Thinking of getting another and would like him to do it .
Super good food . I tasted many different flavors and spices compared to other chain Mediterranean restaurants which is amazing ! Super good platters that has great portions ‼ one of my favorites
Just tried this place today , absolutely FABULOUS ! ! ! Also the customer service was excellent with an incredible happy atmosphere ! ! ! I ' ll definitely return
Ready made meals galore - all of it really tasty . Soups are excellent ( especially the gazpacho ) and lots of options for main meals and sides . . . You can eat in or take away .
Another great meal here . Service great food great . Price great . Great owner . Been co . ing here since a month after it opened and have never had a bad meal
Mark runs an amazing venue . The sound is awesome and it has a lot of charm . Highly recommend for all types of events !
This place has been open for over two months , but it is a great place to sit down and have some great micro brews .
This is the place to eat on the strip . Such an incredible dining experience , and the food was super good . Fresh and high quality . Very impressed
Amazingly good food . The pitcher of the Cadillac margaritas is the way to go . Best Chile verde ever . Highly recommend this place .
Best steak I have ever eaten , hands down 6oz Japanese Wagyu strip
THE BEST MICHELADA . My mouth is watering just thinking about it . Go get one . Then another .
Been here a few times . Good and service always on point . Banana nut muffins are D E licious . Maryann was our care taker today she took REAL good care of us . Thanks guys
This was my first time here today and Donna was awesome and friendly ! I will definitely be back for another pedicure ! : )
The band was good . Only wished I knew how to dance to country ! Service was good ! we will be back ! After a few more dance classes
The food is so yummy ! Service was great and the Tiramisu was absolutely heavenly . I will return !
Just saw the Sexy Sheena Easton in the South Piont show room . My sugar walls will never be the same . Every seat is a great seat . Had a great time .
Fantastic spot . Chill and accommodating . Great baked goods and friendly staff . Be sure to try the parking chair !
I love this place . I ' ve been here for date nights , or stopped by after a Cavs game and the food and service is always exceptional .
Lovely little spot with excellent farm to fresh fare . Good for vegetarians too . Try the lentil and chickpea patties !
Worth the wait and all you can eat sushi is only $ 25 . 95 . Came in and there was a somewhat long wait . But there is a big menu and so many to choose from .
wow , i just tried the mocha cappuccino blended boba . one of the best flavors ever ! you can definitely taste the mocha chocolate !
Nice and clean local bar and grill . The menu is simple but the food is excellent and the service was very good . We will come back on our next trip to the area .
Amazing bagels ! Crusty on the outside , soft and chewy inside . . . .
Service was super quick and food was so delicious and healthy . What more can you ask for ? I ' d come back any day .
Yes please ! We visited recently and were pleasantly surprised at the amazing staff and atmosphere . The appetizer sampler was amazing !
5 star breakfast food . Steak and eggs were fantastic , well cooked , mash was awesome . Brioche bread as a topper , tasted like desert .
Great food and even better service ! The hostess Nicole was very friendly and made our breakfast very enjoyable from the time we walked through the door !
Really excellent lunch sandwiches and sandwiches in general . I love stopping buy and ordering one each time . Its always fresh !
Stopped by to try their pho . It was great , everything on the menu looks pretty good . Great service and clean place ! Will be making this my regular pho stop .
The food and service was great . Brandon made the experience enjoyable with his professionalism , propmt service and great personality . Will be delighted to dine there in the near future !
This party promoter was awesome ! Everything promised was given to us . Free drinks for ladies , etc . I would definitely use them again if I came back to Vegas !
I guess I ' ll call it the " souvenir shop " it ' s AMAZING ! ! Definitely bought a few items and will be back to buy more !
What a pleasant surprise ! The food was amazing , staff friendly and it is BYOB ! ! What a diamond !
Yum ! Just yum ! Delicious , creative , and trendy breakfast options . The only problem is I couldn ' t just pick one ! I ' ll be back to try more !
Best steak ever ; you have to try their signature dry aged meat ! Their steaks come with this grilled garlic bulb that compliments the steak , but be ready for stinky breathe !
So delicious ! Service and food has always been consistent ! The crowfoot location has been our favourite for the past 10 years ! And now we can ' t wait for the patio to open up soon .
Love this place ! Always get fast friendly service ! If we go for date night or take the whole family everyone always get something good to eat .
The food was lovely and we had the sweetest little girl named Vanessa go over the menu with us , she was very helpful and adorable : )
favourite restaurant in madison ! I love the miso black code !
They did an awesome job on my new Silverado . This is my new car wash ! ! They pay great attention to make sure I was completely satisfied .
Great service . Friendly staff . Amazingly quick turnaround . Clean shop and waiting area . Open on Sunday - A huge plus in an emergency repair .
This place was very neat and clean inside ! They had a good variety of toppings and the yogurt was yummy !
We totally love this place . People care a lot about the food there making and it shows
I ' ve gone to many Vegas shows and this one is definitely one of my favorites ! HILARIOUS and very entertaining ! Amazing performers all around !
Deserves every star . Hands down the best and freshest Greek food EVER . You gotta try it ! ! ! Try the feta fries . Yum
Big portions great tasting food my favorite hand hammered pork sandwich enough for 4 people bring friends when they come from out of town they love it
Great food and wonderful location . The tuna appetizer is fantastic and the four square burger is best in old town . Great service and ambience make this place a must - try in old town .
Awesome gem spot ! Cool prices , excellent sushi & friendly staff . My new spot ! S / O to Chef Choi , Penny & Charlie u guys rock ! Highly highly recommended !
Reverse happy hour was on point ! Loved the bulgogi and spicy pork . Check in for a delish ice cream !
Very nice restaurant for mussels in 8 different styles . You can BYOB and enjoy sitting on the window corner deck .
Love GLB ! Have been going to Project X tastings for over a year and am delighted at the new flavours they experiment with . Favorite bottles ? Try their Pumpkin Ale , Miami Weiss and Crazy Canuck !
I come in once a week and this is the best investment I ' ve ever made . Ask for Ashley - - the cut is great and the price is right !
Great place for kids to have fun : ) Eva s 2 b day with her brothers Asher & Jack and sister Sofie
As a Real Estate agent for almost 40 years I ' ve used several AC companies over the years . But now I think I found my favorite go to for AC service ! Honest and fair !
Friendly , efficient , and knowledgeable . Service is always excellent here . Have never been disappointed . Good value also .
Food was delicious the servers were so cute dancing and singing and cant forget the sake bombs ! ! ! Must come back
LOVEEEEEEE this place . So cute and awesome food . Excellent service as well ! It ' s nice to have non chain restaurants around town that you can count on . We will be back !
$ 8 , courteous , and efficient . . . . . high odds this is the best place to go for watch battery replacement .
Ate lunch there yesterday and had a very good patty melt . I will eat there again and it was really reasonable too !
Fantastic Korean food ! I love the Bul go ki and dook man do gook !
Jacquelyne did an exceptional job . Neat fade , precision and great service was displayed on her part . Oh except the constant teasing between us : p a job well done nonetheless
My favorite place to watch the Arsenal . . . come on you gunners . Specials every Tuesday and Wednesday . Food is good , service is great , atmosphere amazing .
One of my favourite place ! Awesome pastry and cake ! Great taste and striking the eye which conquests it .
The chicken and waffles are a group favorite ! We come here every other month for brunch ! The cheesy grits are an amazing side dish . Great service and fun cocktails . Go ! But make reservations !
Great burgers ! Love the one out at the biltmore ! Glad they put one in gilbert ! Service was fantastic ! Kobe burger cooked to perfection and the truffled Parmesan fries are off the hook !
Great restaurant ! It ' s so very friendly staff and nice decor . Very popular location so can get noisy at times . Food is amazing and the teas are out of this world !
People are very nice . Massage was very nice . Would recommend whether you are a tourist or a local ! They made us feel very comfortable !
the cake is super moist and they have really friendly service and great frosting
Outstanding customer service and food . Rueben was fantastic , best I have ever had . Very reasonable price too .
The pies here are amazing ! You can find them inside the Brown Bag Deli . So many delicious pies ! Literally any pie you can imagine !
Highly recommended ! Dr Martin always does such a great job massaging the area before the adjustment . He really takes the time to make it right .
Great coffee shop in the heart of Shaker a Heights . Offers boxed lunches as well as pastries . Free wifi . Attached to an awesome boutique ! Very cosmopolitan ! !
Went here last night for the first time , and will be back ! Delicious and a very pleasant experience !
My best man book me and all my groomsman the atv tour and we all had a blast . Josh and Paul where awesome guides . Definitely recommend if your looking for a little action in Vegas .
YUMMMMMYYYY ! ! ! ! ! Loved the huge gyro and the side salad was delish . Super friendly staff , nice and clean too : - )
Best brown rice ever ! I love veggie house ! Always crave it ! Eaten here 3 times in the month of may . I recommend the Walnut Shrimp and Lotus Root Cake !
Such great ice cream and friendly staff ! He even threw in two suckers for my kids . It is better than others I ' ve been to and will be coming back for sure !
Thoroughly pleased . I tried mussels , and oyster for the first time . They will continue to grow on me . Calm atmosphere & excellent service .
First visit with Shawna for a hair cut . I have long , fine hair and she did a beautiful job ! My new stylist . Very happy .
Don ' t let the subpar curb appeal fool you this place is an absolute gem ! Owners are friendly and helpful . Buffet style and delicious .
I crave this all the time . I ' ve never had anything I didn ' t love . The pizzas are awesome and the chicken kebabs . . . . yessss .
The best sandwiches and shakes in town !
I LOVE this place . I make a special trip when I visit in town from Portland . The donuts taste so fresh !
The salmon was cooked perfectly , the dressing had a hint of lime and garlic . . . it is the most delicious salad I ' ve had in a while . . . unexpected pleasure at Sky Harbor
Love it ! From appetizers to sushi is just tasty and the service crew are so friendly I definitely recomend this restaurant
Quiet and romantic atmosphere in the back by the large windows . Friendly service and large portions . Nice local steakhouse .
This was some of the best Indian food I have ever had and the service was great too . Plus they have a happy hour , we will definitely be back soon .
Love this place . . . . service style and fare all top notch . . . . toronto needs more of this .
My favorite breakfast location in Pittsburgh . Very friendly staff . The breakfast special which is served until 9 am is a great deal .
Ayce sushi for $ 22 lunch you can beat it , great service good sushi better than most of the sushi in buffets on the vegas trip I ' m definitely coming back here ! ! !
Best food ever ! The portions are large so make sure you are hungry . The fry bread is delicious . There is inside and outside dining . Also , the staff is friendly .
Went with the smoke shack and the cookie butter blender . . . my only complaint was that I ordered the small cookie butter rather than the large ! DELICIOUS ! ! !
Thank you , Guy ' s Pizza ! I was sick on my birthday and just wanted some delicious take - out pizza - you guys gave me exactly what I needed !
Nice clean location with a small selection of food items served at reasonable prices . Quick efficient service . Good tasting foods . Cons : no stevia for coffee / tea and Pepsi products on fountain .
Saw the Smog Special and couldn ' t beat the $ 7 . 77 price . Very fast and friendly service .
this is my favorite place for sushi . . 20 bucks all you can eat sushi . . well worth the price . . the staff is very friendly . .
Very good food and service ! ! ! Try the honey mustard BBQ sause ! ! ! !
visited here a couple of times now . I have to say I was pretty impressed and the happy hour is a bargain !
Omekase was incredible ! So fresh and great variety of fish I hadn ' t tried . The scallop chips are a little unconventional , but totally delicious !
Thomas was helpful . First time trying out this auto shop and they gave me a promotional $ 15 off my first oil change service .
Solid 9 / 10 . Not best food i ' ve had in my entire life but very enjoyable satisfying and delicious ! Would recommend to a friend .
This place is awesome ! Great environment and the music is jumpinnn ! The food is amazing ! ! ! ! Owner is wonderful ! ! Service was perfect ! ! ! !
Ordered takeout for a group gathering and everyone loved it ! Quality of the meat was great , rice and salad were also very flavorful !
4 of us had the Gangnam for 2 . We ordered a bit not al la caret and it worked out really well . Great food !
Definitely a NY style bagel and a damn good one at that ! Wow . I WILL be back . . . . regularly .
Great combination of authentic retro , refurbished , contemporary furniture and the best steampunk collection I ' ve seen in Madison . Great range of prices . I love this place !
I go out of my way . to . come to this . location . Great people representing the brand and brands
Pricey but so good ! Even the escargot was amazing , and their signature butter cake is the best ! !
Loved our tropical deluxe pedicure spa experience ! Excellent service , comfortable chairs & chic ambiance . Definitely recommended !
Great family restaurant . Montauk shop very nice people only problem takes a while here food but worth the wait
Great food great service from Thaynara ! Customized skillet is a great way to start the morning .
I am a big fan of Home Depot ! I really appreciate their discounts for veterans very good public relations ! !
Freds Tavern new location is 1645 N Lamb , Las Vegas NV blvd 89115 Opened July 2015 702 459 - 8837
Mark & Christy best bartenders ever . They were way fun & made our day @ Cani wabo ! Thank you !
I wish I could rate redendos higher then a 5 star rating , excellent food , extremely courteous staff and well kept establishment
Best cakes in town ! My wife had me try and they are delicious . I ' m very thankful with them for giving her a free cake on her birthday .
Best Tapas Ever . The drinks ain ' t cheap , but the food is reasonably priced . The brunch menu is delicious as well I wish I lived in Charlotte so I could eat here more often ,
Love it ! It ' s a rare find of a cocktail bar ! A fully stocked bar with an intimate decor . Just lovely ! !
Really really good spot for a drink and some good Asian food . . . . Really really good fried rice drunken shrimp and sushi , heck it ' s all good
Have been going to Troy at Art of Shaving . If you want the royal treatment , professional manners , awesome style and knowledge , Troy is your man ! The best haircut and shave . Ever !
Delicious noodles . They have soup or non soup noodles and everything we tried was delicious ! Would recommend to anyone wanting authentic chinese / szechuan style noodles .
Great pizza ! The sauce is what puts it over the top . I ' ve been eating at this location since I was kid
You cannot beat the coffee here ! The taste the strength . . . . There ' s no other coffee house like it in town .
Obviously the best . Except for the times that the pizza isn ' t cooked quite enough ( roughly 1 out every 15 visits ? ) . But then it makes really good leftovers .
Great neighborhood pub . The place is way nicer inside than it appears outside . The drinks were spot on and the food was yummy , even at 4AM . The staff was friendly and provided great service .
I always receive great customer service definitely a favorite spot when looking for a place to sit and unwind . They treat Vegas locals good .
Called in on the day of my massage they were able to give me a spot . Massage was exceptional . Loved it . Staff is nice and friendly . Definitely recommended
Had 5 patches repaired on favorite shorts . . . Excellent seamstress , very nice people , conveinant , economical . . . . good quality , highly recommend . . . : - )
God damn some of the the best Chinese . I ' m only typing after I ' ve tasted the appetiZers . very delicious would come back .
Good food , relaxed environment , fresh chips and an amazing salsa / condiment bar ! Prices are decent and the place is kept clean .
Everyone is very very friendly here , I got chrome gel polish and it looks great ! Also very clean . No complaints !
Excellent service . . . . . Great food . . . . . good prices . First time trying Vietnamese food and I am hooked !
Huge portions , great waitress , quick food . Perfect little chinese place ! Beef and broccoli was really good and the egg rolls were different than normal , really interesting .
TiAnna , Tara , and Rico are the best behind the bar . And Wade is the guy that will take care of you because he is the best around .
Love the vibes . I had carne asada and fish tacos and was very impressed . Their micheladas are amazing !
This is the best kept " secret " in the South Hills ! I LOVE this place ! ! ! Yummy !
Like all the reviews have said it . This place is the best shwarma place I have been to . Very fast service and the taste of the food is amazing
Service was great as was the food ! Had the Gyro dinner and the fried green tomatoes ! Loved it all
The staff here are so friendly and the food is yummy . The pastries are always delicious .
Love this place from their seafood to their coffee ! It ' s amazing and delicious ! ! Can ' t say enough about this place but gotta get back to grubbin ' now . ; )
Great boba tea with great ambience and fresh fruits . Pink theme and close to the home
Quick simple and very helpful in picking out everything from flooring to cabinets to appliances . Spent 2 afternoons there and was extremely happy with all the choices and prices . Look forward to seeing the home completed .
Thought I had the right coupon and they took it anyways ! Very quick and professional . Will be back there next year !
Awsome sushi , fresh and fast . I would go back over and over . The prices are high but thats to be expected from a place like this one . Enjoy ! !
This is hands down the best Thai food in York Region ! Always fresh , and I eat hear 3 times a week for lunch .
Delicious food and friendly staff ! Prices r reasonable and they even give a free cookie if u check in ! Can ' t wait to come back and try more !
Such a wonderful experience , the food was amazing and the atmosphere was perfect for an anniversary dinner with my husband .
I ' ve been looking for a California style tex - mex burrito in Montreal forever and I found it . Not only did I find it , but it tasted exactly as I wanted it to .
Some of the best sushi I ' ve had here in the states . I have been by this wonderful spot many times and wondered if the what turned out to be excellent Japanese cuisine was true .
Very nice people and they do a great job ! Been going here for about four years , and have yet to be disappointed . Bring cash for a tip , it ' s easier .
Place has a great breakfast and friendly staff . Been there several times for breakfast and lunch . But let ' s face it , nothing beats great breakfast food .
Best salon in the city , whether it ' s a cut from Anelise , colour by Sharon or nails by Dylan .
Soybean milk and youtiao are really authentic . I wish I can have them everyday for breakfast .
Small but charming spa . Very professional and extremely pleasant staff . And the best massage i have ever had . . . Thank you Candace . Beautiful pool area with fantastic King aize loungers .
Tried this place as we were just down the street ! ! Amazing ! ! Food is delicious ! Staff are incredibly friendly and accommodating ! We will be back for sure ! ! !
The best ! Staff are so nice and friendly , food is excellent ! Would always go for great greek !
Our server Daniel was one of the best we ' ve had in a long time ! Very knowledgable on wines and menu items . Great atmosphere , delicious food . We will be back
Donuts that feel like a kiss from an angel - - if angels existed in the shape of a pastry
This is my usual nail salon and I have always been pleased with their work . I am glad they have expanded and the new glitters they have gotten for gel manicures are awesome !
Delicious rolls ! I ' ve ordered here at least a dozen times and never have been disappointed .
Fantastic food at reasonable prices ! Our server , CJ , was the very best ! The chicken nachos were enormous and TONS of sports on tvs , which are ALL over the place ! LOVE this bar !
GReat Doctor Dr . HUang is . Highly recommend . I have been going to this office for over a year . Laura cleaned my teeth last week and made me feel so comfortable . love it !
Great Coffee ! ! ! Came in asked for a latte and it was delicious . Hope there were more places like this on this side of town , kudos to this place !
Gracias ! Great food . My boys love the pollo and al pastor with pineapple tacos . I had cheese quesadillas ( vegetarian ) and added toppings . Delicioso !
She did great ! Came out to Vegas for vacation and she helped watch my daughter at the hotel . Very nice lady , thank you Anahi !
Don ' t miss if you are in the area to grab a couple treats for the walk . The shortbread cookies are perfect . The banana bread was hidden in the corner and delicious while it lasted .
By far the best service at any Fedex i have been to . The people were very kind and helpful ! Its the best place to go in Ballantyne !
I love it the best chili cheese dogs I ever had . People are kool over there too . Like Julio and Berlin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Awesome hospitality ! Food was fresh and tasty ! We recommend being waited on by Cristina : ) she was sweet and helpful !
Amazing experience ! Sarah gave me the best massage I ' ve ever had ! ! ! Great price ! I will definitely be back !
Best Modern Mexican food in Las Vegas . 5 STARS Love the Shrimp Tacos and the staff are great
Been coming here for years , everyone is excellent . Always make you feel like they are glad to see you . Plus they are good at what they do
Has been my go to place for years . Super friendly , fast and delicious . Would definitely recommend this Chinese place for a casual night out or great for takeout ! Never disappointed .
A good massage from an oncology specialist . Best I ' ve ever had . Very attuned to your needs and pressure . Scheduling one each month to help with tension and arthritis .
I am picky when it comes to pho . I have ordered take out there twice and really enjoyed the food each time ! Highly recommend
Great food ! The biscuit was heavenly !
This is the BEST SALON in town ! Charles does amazing hair and I would only trust him ( and do ) with my hair . Check it out , this place ROCKS !
Best Italian food in town ! Meat Lasagna was amazing ! Love the old school atmosphere ! Great service as well !
My everyday spot . Feels like home . The staff are friendly and they get to know what you usually order after being there for few times . Outside patio is awesome
Great pizza . . . Thin Crust New York Style . Awesome Baked Ziti . Real cute place . Sweet Waitress ' s
Staff is friendly ! Coffee was delicious . Haven ' t tried the baked goods but I ' ve heard good things : )
I always come here for my fresas con crema addiction , the prices are great and the food will making your mouth water for more ! The fruit is always so fresh !
Our experience was great ! The pulled rotisserie chicken sandwich and garlic aioli fries were super delicious and all the staff was very friendly .
People talk about the line the wait etc but it was fast getting in and getting served food was good and great price service real Pittsburghy and I loved it
The food melts in your mouth ! ! The shrimp tamale , the steak ! OMG ! ! Came with my hubby on a quick getaway ! !
This place is soooooo good . Love it . 2nd time in a week I ' m here . Hits the spot . One bowl fills me up and I am totally content !
This is LITERALLY the best place to get a spicy shrimp pasta . First time here and I will be back ! ! ! !
One of the best " old world recipe " Butcher shops in Calgary . The beef jerky is like no other I have tried . Sausages and cold cuts are amazing , marinated pork is amazing !
Food , service and super cozy , chill vibe are awesome . Am never disappointed when I leave here .
Love going here to hike and take pictures . Didn ' t think this type of place would be in Vegas when I moved here . Love it !
Great fresh sauce and spicy pepperoni . Mozzarella tasted handmade and crust had the right thickness . Good pie .
The best ! Love the sweet and sour chicken , tastes just like chicken !
It ' s not the newest or fanciest nail salon , but it ' s perfectly clean and the techs do a great job ! I ' ll be coming here again .
Best pastries in Montreal so far ! ! ! ! The only downside is that it is a really small place so it is always packed .
Great beer selection , love the bar itself , good food ( liked the guacamole and the ribs ) !
Awesome place to eat outside seating ! ! ! ! ! ! Staff was in training ok service ! ! ! ! ! ! You can also bet on the horse races ! ! !
Great happy hour food and entertainment by chuck e baby is the best . I wish he were here more often !
Another great visit to Cabo ! Their special today was fried crawfish taco ' s that were awesome . I could eat here every day .
Thank you Keith for my oil change ! Awesome customer service over there . HIGHLY recommended !
Best nail place in Uptown Charlotte by far ! ! Mike is awesome ! Clean place , friendly staff and free wine ! LOL : )
Outstanding customer service and knowledgeable mechanics . The owner met is at our car that wouldn ' t start up the street . Great service and fixed the car fast !
Great brisket . The owners a nice guy too , good little place
Absolutely fabulous ! A must try when in Toronto . Kim is incredibly welcoming and makes you feel right at home . Food is delicious !
I checked several places and this was the most affordable rental by far . The SUV was great and the staff was both friendly and helpful . I will be sure to come here next time right away .
The BEST , family owned and operated . Trivia Wednesday nights , always welcoming and friendly crowd . The cider selection is simply delicious and there ' s always something new on tap .
Awesome tasty sushi , made with tlc . The menu sheet is a Little busy but each roll has its own flavor factor .
I love the atmosphere and food is amazing . The servers are great . The food reminds of when I went to Tokyo fresh and fast .
This is a triage of awesome . As a Vegas local I encourage any and all to view this show . This definitely compares to The Phantom of the Opera . Love it
Bread was fresh and there were good options . It was easy to order my sandwich exactly how we liked . It was a great sandwich . Definitely a place we will come back to and recommend .
I don ' t live close by , probably about three miles away . But I travel to this particular Dry Cleaning place even though there are several near my apartment because of the outstanding service and quality .
I had a taste for a good hotdogs and haven ' t been here in about 3 years , but nothings changed ! Came and got exactly what I had a taste for and I am beyond satisfied !
Great customer service . Dennis was very friendly , knowledgeable , and personable . Overall , had a very pleasant experience while shopping and purchasing a mattress . Highly recommended .
Best place ever good good good enjoyed my cheese curds and all American burger and my cookie skillet best place I have ate at in long time great service good is fresh was the best will definitely come back
Really friendly staff and great quality food . Good value too as the portions are large
Tamara was very helpful , knowledgeable , great attitude , and made purchasing out furniture painless .
James and Lucas were awesome ! No damage to my stuff at all and they were super friendly .
Great access , quick and friendly service . Good food and quick . Thank you Johana for your smile and heart .
Great TV set up and a place to watch the game with a neighborhood bar vibe . Also great bartending and kudos for having the game playing on the sound system .
Simple . Tasty . Perfect . High quality coffee in a modern setting . Another great addition to the arts district .
The best sub place in tempe ! ! You wont be let down with a selection of 40 + subs . Voodoo chip are muy fuego .
Love these girls ! They are both outstanding stylists , you would be in good hands seeing either of them .
Amazing food , enjoyed atmosphere & great service . HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ! Had the papusas , sopes & tacitos . They have much more on their menu , so we will definitely be back for some more .
Vincent killed it ! Always on top of our experience but never invasive . Thank you for treating my company to amazing evening . These locals were happy campers
Went here for lunch . Had the Galbi and spicy squid and pork belly . It was amazing . Delicious !
I have been coming here for a while and I just love this place ! The service is great and so are my nails : )
Love this place . Probably one of the best burgers I ' ve had . Always juicy . Ordered 2 burgers , a small order of fries , and 2 waters - $ 20 bucks
First time here again out with my gorgeous wifey , great Sunday . Hung out nice lunch , took a Sunday afternoon nap now hanging in Vegas . Life is Good
Delicious and unobtrusive . Perfect for a date night or family meal . We love to get an early dinner after hanging at the park , or getting dressed up with a reservation .
Great charbroiled burgers ! ! Chicken wraps are amazing and good portion size . Great service too !
Their lunch special is a great value . $ 4 - 5 for a real authentic pizza with character and home made mozzarella . Wow . Love this place !
Absolutely outstanding and unusual food . Lamb shank was marinated for 12 hours and wad exquisite . Small appetizer was the best . . . size was to die for .
Great to have a store in Henderson . Staff was friendly and nice . They are located where Radio Shack was previously . In the Target shopping center
Best place in Gilbert for breakfast . Food was great and service was superior . Thanks
Very good store ! HUGE selection for Mens Scrubs and a lot of sizes and styles to choose from !
Eastern / anthem location service is always quick . And edwina always is so nice and helpful
Fun place with great food . Prepare to stand in line when preparing to order as they are packed ! Be sure to use the restrooms the decor is outstanding .
They were kind enough to take the time to get my record player back on track . . . taught me a thing or two as well . I ' m very appreciative .
Great prices and good quality too ! Everything worked out smooth with them and the jumper
Sometimes we are going there for dinner . Everything was delicious . Thanks for delicious kabobs ! We will visit soon again . Good place for lunch and dinner !
Great supermarket selection . Tacos are $ 2 with your choice of steak , chorizo and more . They are very well seasoned and tasty ! You can also get rice and beans on the side .
Always have a great experience here . All the employees are upbeat , friendly , and ready to help . The second you walk in , you are welcomed . Keep up the great job .
Once again I cannot say enough good things about the service and product from Maria . Our finished kitchen is beautiful !
Eric is an outstanding stylist . Very knowledgeable and dexterous . Great customer experience overall . Strongly recommend .
Italian beef , wet with hot peppers . Bliss .
Small airport so you can get to your outgoing flight very easily . Also the RTA rapid transit is inexpensive & takes you right into the airport so you are not outside
i liked it and got a kick out of the name so wanted to try it . Pretty awesome : ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
Yumm I love there cake batter and The Asian kid working there was nice !
Excellent food & service whenever I ' m here . Keep up the good work ! ! I usually have the Smash Cobb salad with chicken , or the Smash burger . My new favorite side : Brussels sprouts
The service was amazing ! Our waiter was so great . The food was good and we got a lot for a good price . I will definitely go back !
My iphone 5s was pretty much a goner , and they brought it back to life promptly . i would recommend this company .
People were friendly , food was delish and relatively inexpensive . . . Cider beer and a slice of great pizza for $ 9 ? You can ' t beat that . Thanks for another great place CLEVELAND !
This is my favorite place in town . My parents who don ' t like most American food like here too ! I brought them here twice when they came to visit .
justin marrujo likes his job and it shows . He was so helpful in explaining everything and getting me all set up with a new phone .
I live 4 blocks away , I would eat here every morning if I could ! The food and staff are amazing ! Always friendly and helpful !
Ordered breakfast to go . French toast , bacon and pineapple juice . Everything was delicious . Service was great . Promptly greeted and waitress assisted me shortly thereafter . A little pricey , but worth it .
My favorite place for Phillies , pizza and seafood . The ambiance is fabulous and the service is always outstanding . This place is my favorite .
The original Monical ' s is always a treat . Always have the best pizza and friendly staff . If you like Monical ' s you must come here .
One of the best haircuts I ' ve had . Great service from friendly staff in a super clean shop . Thanks to Mauro , I ' ll be sure to make this my regular barber shop .
Bing has the best burgers in all of AZ ! ! ! High quality fresh made burgers with the perfect combination of spices ! Highly recommend the bacon sauce !
Tinga chicken tacos amazing ! Hole in the wall place . Everything is authentic and tastes homemade !
I recent came in again , and my experience was amazing . I ordered a strawberry bond and by the time i was done paying it was ready ! I recommend coming in before it gets busy .
Here tonight for networking event very great venue for holding events . First time ever for this networking event and this venue . Would def love to come again
Marco , the Owner , is fantastic , explains every step , the cost , very helpful . Highly recommended ! Brian
Loved the food here ! Fast service , nice employees . Good selection to choose from
We just had the best smoked meat of our lives today at Hogtown Smoke . Seriously , get the brisket . Incredible .
Very yummy udon / rice dishes with many different options . Very friendly staffs . The lemonade is very good , and I love their dessert , too . Great place , highly recommended .
My husband loves this place . The wings never disappoint and the 5 , 000 tv ' s that have sports on are exactly what he goes for !
I love Pei Wei . Chinese food without the waiters . Good food and good value . Kung Pao Chicken on Brown rice is my favorite .
Very good service here . Quickly diagnosed the problem , found a solution and had me back up and running in 24 hours . Professional and courteous , I highly recommend !
This is the best Pho in Charlotte . Just love this place and the employees are so nice . All of the food is good . The only probably will be deciding what to get .
Order delivery from here during my stay at Planet Hollywood . Deliver was on time and food is excellent . Will recommend this place to any friend traveling to Las Vegas
Had a major issue with my back / pain this weekend , and went in today . Problem solved ! I feel so much better . Care and expertise here is top - notch . Highly recommend .
Overall , Good Selection and the Customer Service was a great , Friendly , Patient and Helpful ! ! !
Had some tires put on at this location and just wanted to say they always do a great job and give 110 % .
Straight up east coast style barber . Israel is a top notch barber . Love this place , feels like home . Great music , no bs conversation . Thanks fellas .
This spot is amazing . Everything on the menu is fresh and flavorful . The ceviche , guacamole , paella , tamales , corn on the cob , and more ! The cocktails are great too ! !
Damn good pizza ! Italia has got some competition here because the slices are hearty and the flavor is good . Forager is the BOMB . COM .
Just WoW That is all I have to say . That was all I have to say . The food was fast and delicious .
They have this hot sauce that will numb your mouth but still gives your meat that right amount of spicy to kick it up a notch .
We love this store ! Great service and have never been disappointed by your delicious cakes . Your Scottsdale location need lessons from you guys .
Great wash , powerful vacuum & helpful staff . Quick & easy . . . especially grateful for ' gift ' to Seville residents .
Generous portions and friendly service . Check out the beautiful back patio when it ' s sunny outside . Convenient to Children ' s Hospital
Get the special with swiss along with a chocolate egg cream . Very tasty ! Super friendly staff , as well .
Great food . The best part of this place is the pizza happy hour ! $ 5 pizza between 3 - 5 . Boar bacon pizza is amazing ! ! ! ! !
I don ' t know which was better - the food or the service ! ! Both AMAZING ! I rarely post reviews but felt compelled to post for Miro ! Fabulous
Excellent food and excellent service ! Drove 40 minutes to visit . Well worth our time .
Jambalaya omelet was the absolute best . Had andouille sausage , shrimp and a creole sauce . Best omelette ever . Mahalo . My friend had the steak and eggs but it cannot compare to my omelette .
We love the Tuesday night pizza : wonderful ! It is crispy and full of whatever ingredients one chooses : $ 12 . 50 . Fabulous people who wait on you and bring you into conversation .
This place has pretty good Tonku ramen . We ' ve been looking for one that was reminiscent of Tokyo and have not been disappointed in our two visits here . Recommended .
Rose was lovely . Gave me a great well needed pedicure . Fantastic service , very happy .
Had the spicy jerk chicken breakfast taco . Quiche . The cooks were really friendly and courteous . And best of all I found an alternative to eating chipotle 7 days a week
Excellent , wonderful , reasonable price , efficient ; came within 2 hours of my call , just a wonderful experience . Highly recommended
We ' ve taken our dog Bo to Woof Gang twice , and she has come back happy and with a great haircut . We will continue to take her to Woof Gang - great work !
Came here for fun and was not disappointed . Sam was excellent and the service was amazing . I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking to have a great Irish Pub experience ! ! !
Awesome ! ! ! Everything is amazing ! ! ! Best pizza and wings ! ! Pasta ! ! ! Drinks ! ! ! We eat here once a week !
Best Salmon we ' ve ever had ! Had a great lunch . The staff was very friendly and professional . My wife and I will definitely be back again .
Great staff , great service also you can ' t beat the price it was my first time shooting and the instructor was patient lol
Ordered salad of the day which was a quinoa , capsicum , corn and rocket salad . Food was beautiful and atmosphere was amazing .
The service here is always excellent and they always get even the toughest of spots and dirt marks out . We love them and will continue using them !
Yummy waffles ! Perfect texture and flavors . Super cute decor too ! My fav is the Nutella love and the cinnamon sugar with cream cheese frosting .
Just Great ! Mastro ' s Ocean Club is a must STEAK HOUSE ( we weren ' t there for the Ocean fare ) , inside this shopping venue .
Best Italian food I ever had ! ! Fresh delicious authentic food . Crab cakes are to die for . Bolognese is the best . Caesar salad was excellent . Will definitely return here .
I came here for lunch , I was surprised at first , the place is a bit small but very cozy and traditional ! The food and service were amazing , I will definitely come back !
Great food as far as Chinese takeout is concerned . Owners don ' t speak English too well though , so communication is sometimes difficult .
Been ordering from here almost every Thursday & It ' s because the chicken wings are delish ! ! ! After a while the old man is nice . I love fat moes ! ! ! !
Best tamales around ! We buy them every year for Christmas Eve . We like the beef and pork .
great food lots of veggie options , had the corn salad , grilled eggplant and Brussels sprouts in soy bechamel
They ' ve stepped up their game as far as order times are concerned . Online ordering and menu items make this place a huge seller .
Best food ever . Always have great beers on tap . Would recommend to anyone that goes to Cleveland this is a must go
Amazing tasting . So worth the money ! ! The waitress was very sweet and informative . Family - friendly environment . A lot to offer on the menu . I definitely recommend trying this place !
Had the Prime rib , it was the best I ' ve had in a while . What really made my visit , was the waitress , Cindy . She was extremely friendly and attentive .
This is a branch of the one on Montford Rd . Friendly people who will put addressing your concerns above anything else !
I absolutely adore this place . I always get the BBQ pork sandwich and it ' s delicious every time . Definitely worth trying : )
The sweet and sour chicken was deliciously crispy on the outside and tender on the inside . The crab puffs were really good too . Would love to go again .
Quel belle découverte un brunch bien garnie des sandwiches a plus finir grand choix de sucré avec un bon latte c parfait
A place to experience Tequila ; wide selection , extremely knowledgeable staff . Tacos were great ; fresh ingredients and unique sauces .
I love their fish and beef . I am so glad they moved from Middleton here . It ' s just so great .
i eat here a lot . favorite rolls : kiss of fire , sun devil , and something wrong . everything is good here though
Motley Crue , ACDC , 311 , this venue never diappoints !
I will be back again and again ! The setting is so relaxing and away from busy street of the strip . The Croque Madam is better then any pictures imply and the truffle frites are a must !
This place has the quickest service with the best food . I ordered the Tuna tacos . Heater , our waitress was great . She provided great recommendations and prompt service . Thanks for a great experience DT
Excellent cafeteria and gluten free baked goods . Great friendly service too ! Worth a stop if you ' re in the area .
My favorite restaurant hands down , feels and taste just like home ! Always fresh , delicious and extremely satisfying
I love a god eclair . But I ' ve never had an eclair like that . Everything we tried was marvelous - go Larryville !
Amazing food here ! Would definitely recommend if you ' re looking for quality food in the Phoenix area .
Keith hands down was a simple in and out transaction ! Very helpful and considerate of your needs and knowledge . Came in , and left done and done with my new firearm !
Great place , friendly people , clean , air conditioned , and beautiful items . A must go to place when u are inVegas if you like antiques .
This is the real deal ! It ' s like a little piece of Puerto Rico right here is Berea ! You have to try the mofongo ! ! ! Amazing !
Awesome food . . . . the tuna poke and octopus tacis were fantastic ! Great service too !
I got in late on a long layover looking to catch some sleep at a decent rate . Jill helped me check in smoothly and was super professional . Good location . Comfy beds . Great staff .
Fantastic job ! My house looks beautiful ! Very professional , fast , and detailed ! Fair prices ! I plan to hire them again when I need more paint work !
Why did I give this place 5 stars ? Cuz of the 50 cent Coronas . Delicious !
I love this Dairy Queen ! The staff is always respectful and quick ! Michael is especially awesome !
This is my favorite pizza and pub in Az , hands down the best friendly service in town . I highly recommend this spot over Buffalo Wild Wings .
Great pizza ! Definitely a place to go back to . Yann our server did a great job and gave us suggestions about the wide variety of pizzas .
When the light is on - - go . Fresh and hot . Delicious . Decadent and delightful ! Enjoy !
Love the food and the service . My husband and I come here once in a while for date night . Worth visiting !
Great food . All home made ! Its hard to find that anymore . Only been there for lunch so far . The Mac and Cheese rocks .
Great prices even better food chicken salads are a must have very good and I love their ranch dressing yum definitely a hidden gem in penn hills
Absolutely amazing . I ' m addicted to this place after my first time . I had the Nutella flavor and it ' s to die for !
Golden Turtle has gotten so much better with time . Definitely the best PHO in Sauga now . If you haven ' t been in a while , make sure you give them another try !
他們的食材新鮮而且每一個製作程序重視衛生，全程保鮮。醬汁、酌料都非常美味，今天天氣太熱，我們點了2份kids meal , 一份是天婦羅炸蝦佐鰻魚醬汁；另一份是煮熟鮭魚佐Yum yum醬汁 . 我的朋友也是瞬間就吃完了⋯
Best vintage clothing and accessories that I ' ve ever shopped anywhere . Love the vibe of the great atmosphere , helpful polite sales people and the coolest stock of vintage handbags too . Three thumbs up ! !
Who knew I love plaintains so much ? ! This place has great food that I ' ve never had elsewhere . I got the loaded plantains . Yum .
Great Parkdale nail salon ! Busy so come with a good book or something to listen to but worth the wait because your nails will look great and the ladies who do them are lovely .
Awesome time we had fun playing ! Kassie is so helpful and my girls love playing dodge ball here !
Great service ! Food came out super quick . Friendly staff . Music with projector . Sushi was delicious . All you can eat , never can go wrong with that ! Johnny roll was great too !
Love it here ! Amazing vegetarian food and healthy delicious options : ) great for both meat eaters & vegetarians
We LOVE this place ! Great food , cold drinks , and service is fast and professional ! The prices are great , and portions are LARGE ! Denise is our Darlin ' ! Yummy !
This is my favorite place to get breakfast . The service here is really good . The prices are very reasonable and standard .
Yum Slices - Delicious Quality Ingredients - Amazing Crust . company owners really care about the customer . call anthem if any issues . thank you
Love this place ! Never a bad thing to say . I had the smoke shack burger today it ' s amazing . My two year old had the fries
Highly recommend . Everyone was extremely friendly and professional . Dr . Michael actually did my cleaning for me due to his hygienist being out . He was very pleasant to talk to and explained everything well .
The staff was very friendly . Whole menu was VEGAN . Food was amazing . Resturant setting was perfect . Will most definitely be back
Love this boba tea place ! The best in town hands down , the Taro milk tea is absolutely the best . Can ' t find the same anywhere else .
I always used the home machine to take out the footpad but this place is able to bring it to a new level . Always check to see if they have . 2 for 1 coup - ons .
TJ took care of us with laptop update . . . great customer service . Had to go back and get some things done , no wait and he was on it quick as always . Thanks TJ .
I ' ve had two items of clothing repaired by Victoria ' s . Both were done excellently and for a very competitive price . Highly recommended !
The Rib Tips are the best ! It couldn ' t get any better
Been coming here for years . Always get the flying chicken for take out ! Management is easy to work with and accommodate where they can . Highly recommend !
First time and will keep coming back . Totally impressed by the entire staff . Great food , clean environment and good atmosphere .
My favorite small music venue in Phoenix ! Great place to catch Phoenix live local music .
We were there the first time for lunch . Nice ambience . Food was excellent . Coconut milk based soup was awesome . I am sure to pay them a visit again soon .
Wow ! Found them on yelp and loved the egg sandwich . Very friendly staff . Also , prices are super affordable because we were off the strip !
Great Vet , and the groomer Christie who run her business there is the best around . I get my Maine Coon , Checker groomed there every year .
This was an amazing restaurant ! I highly recommend the honey glazed salmon and I ordered a side of rice which were both prepared to perfection .
We found the Boiler Room on Yelp . It was a wonderful experience with great atmosphere and food prepared perfectly . The wait staff was very friendly and was very knowledgable . I will come back again !
Love this place . Great local bar . Great bartenders . always a genuine time with genuine peoples here . Glad I found this place .
Bomb ass dive bar . Mad cow burger a dozen wings and 3 Stella Artois under $ 30 . Great food and amazing service .
Nothing but amazing ! ! One of the best sushi meal I ever had . Highly recommended , chef Eric is the best . .
Happy to report all family members find Sweet Life delightful ! ! Do you think visiting 3 times in 9 days is excessive ?
First time trying Vietnamese food . Trusted the . reviews and they were right . The food was very good , looking foward to going back .
The falafel from here is amazing and still steaming hot when served . It ' s definitely the best falafel I ' ve had outside of Israel . And the service was fantastic !
One of my favourite restaurant . Great food , large portion , great value . Love their HK milk tea , so good .
Awesome food delicious for both their meat and veggie items that you put directly on the grill
Friendly , on the phone and in person . they help you find stuff and I think its a good store to grab good sales ! I like the makeup there too , many nice colors
First time at snapdragon salon . Lori was my styles . She was very confident an new how to do hair . I love my hair . I will not go nowhere else
Best fajitas in Phoenix ! The Cadillac fajitas is the way to go . Love their salsa , we always order extra for the fajitas .
I think this place has great food ! The tortilla soup is perfect when you don ' t feel great and I love the spicy bean dip they serve with the chips .
Can it get any better ! Sheesh ! Fox Restaurants does it again !
Great service , courteous and thorough . Will continue to have my car serviced here . Highly recommend them .
Comfortable sitting area . Great services and the afternoon tea was really good and beautiful . Would come back again . You got more than you pay . Listen to customers ' suggestions .
Great fresh food ! A must try if you ' re looking for authentic Puerto Rican food . Prices are great as well . A must try for sure ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Great service I would definitely come back Lily took great care of me and made sure I was happy with the service she provided ! ! !
Excellent customer service . Quick yet well explained all the tests being done . Loved the staff . Very professional . Loved my doctor . She was awesome . I ' ll see you back in August 8 !
Great little place . . . awesome Dim Sum . The owner was really pleasant and takes a lot of pride in her place . Soup dumplings were incredible and the shrimp shumai was even better
Came here during a hot summer day . Ordered the intestine noodle soup and spicy wonton . Both were excellent . Nice place to take a break from gambling : )
All dressed bagels won ' t be beat ! A little bit salty , with various seeds and seasame on top of the bagel . Everything is just perfect
Love the italian ice , especially the lemon , lime and salted caramel . I ' m a regular for life !
My kids love this place ! ! ! Their favorites are the airbag and the obstacle course ! The staff is also very helpful and super friendly .
Fast friendly service . Pho was great . . . first time here but will definitely be back .
Loved it ! This will be my go to place . Ordered a chicken bowl . Lots a toppings to choose from . Loved their sauces . Healthy and tasty .
Staff was great and food was excellent . Chicken nachos with French fries is bomb . Fed 3 ppl and we were full with some left over . The kabobs were nice and juicy too . Thank you guys
Burgers , wings , pizza and beer during sports Zingers , prime rib , salad and cocktails on dates I will never have two pitchers of electric blue lit again til maybe October not DD
I have only tried their blended bowls but they are really good i love that they offer vegan hemp protien that can be added to any blended bowl .
Great prices and staff is super friendly and attentive ! This is my go to place for breakfast / brunch ! The fruit is fresh and their omelettes are the best ! Will definitely be back !
Every time I come here the food is always amazing ! Their fresh lemonade is so refreshing ! This is our go to spot when we have friends or family in town .
The best foie gras ever . Amazing meal , worth the hype . Impeccable service !
What an amazing surprise ! I had the Larp with beef . ( 4 stars . . . hot ) I loved it . Great service and home Laotian cooking .
The food was amazing and the service great ! Lupo never disappoints ! ! The lasagna is my favorite , so different from regular Italian places . To those who criticize , I heartily disagree !
Excellent place ! ! The employees are friendly , Scott did an excellent job on my Lab ! She was so happy to get pampered by nice people
Went here with my granny and kids , we received great service ! Food was 10 / 10 ! Atmosphere was 10 / 10 ! My kids enjoyed everything we ordered !
Great service ! Quick in and out . The technicians were friendly and explained everything including any charges for additional work . I ' ll be back in 3 , 000 miles !
Great Donuts . . . . . . . . . . . Tastes were great and easy to order . Wish should have ordered more .
Best Boba Tea I ' ve found in awhile ! Plus it ' s conveniently located near my home . Quick & friendly service ! ! Expect a busy parking lot .
We have been having Fat Freddy ' s provide catering for family and friends for many years and everything has been handled professionally and tasty . Highly recommend them !
Never a disappointment ! Big cuts little rice lots of flavor and super fresh ! Try the salmon belly !
Very impressed with the quality of food and items available . Possibly some of the best sushi in the Phoenix area . Everything was incredibly fresh and the staff was so welcoming .
easily the best fedex kinkos in town . the staff and management are very friendly and you always get great customer service and they are fast ! been coming here weekly for over 10 years .
First Watch continues the solid trend they started : Fresh , quality food with attentive service . Oh , and the Day Glow juice is becoming addictive .
LOVE IT . I mean I know the outside doesn ' t look like much but it is sooooo worth the trip . The food , portion size , and prices are all top notch .
This location is probably the best one when it comes to pizza crust . . . I like my PPP with a crispity , crunchity crust . . . This is where you get it .
What ' s can I say this place is the Best ! Best prime rib best service best atmosphere you can ' t go wrong here
Burgers were fantastic . It smelled like fresh baked bread when we walked in . Good selection of craft beers and great service . What more can you ask for ? We will be back for sure .
Delicious and consistent . Love their pizza , wings , cheese fries , lasagna ! ! The staff aren ' t so friendly but the food compensates for it .
Great rolls are Flower , Monkey , Gary Special , and Tastes Like my Ex Girlfriend are all awesome ! ! Oh and Threesome is tasty and cool cuz it has mozzarella cheese in it wife lovessss
Great old fashioned ! Daniel is the best . Smoked old . faahioned is their own staple . Hey oooo
Another great lunch at Flancer ' s . Paul and his crew make you feel at home with their consistently delicious menu . Always a treat !
can go wrong with reclining seat , w / $ 5 . 00 tickets every tuesday . arcade best way to spend time while you wait for the movies with your family
Eat the duck ! The people are great . Food is great . Atmosphere and music is unique and fun . Great unique drinks expertly crafted . Cant say enough good things . Just go try it .
The soup dumplings are the best at everyday noodles . . . The Dan Dan noodles are very tasty and spicy . I always crave this place ! ! ! !
In / out in under 5 minutes for registration renewal . Professional / prompt / polite service . Pretty simple / painless .
great service and great tasting food . try the garlic chicken with gravy , tapsilog , chicken bbq and stir fry vegetables with chicken . also the banana pancake with the vanilla cream is highly recommended .
LOVE this place ! Everything that I have had has been delicious . And the fries , oh my . If you leave there hungry it ' s your own fault !
Awesome shop for tons of vaping needs great juice selection , great customer service .
Excellent massage . Stephanie is amazing and will tailor a massage to need . I am a repeat customer that uses massage to manage headaches . I highly recommend Massage Life and Wellness .
Fantastic . Ordered delivery through Grubhub and arrived HOT . Chicken tikka Masala and Chicken Vindaloo .
This is a great boutique in N . E . Mesa , full of funky and eclectic gifts and wares . The shop might be small , but it boasts personality !
I Love This place come here every Sunday for their food customer service is always great and respectful that waitress Kenie took care of us this morning always on point . She made sure we were satisfied
Love the chicken and the sweet tea is amazing ! The Canes sauce is everything ! ! ! Been to this one many times fast service and very friendly . Will be back .
Good drinks . Great karaoke . Nice patrons . Taylor is a great waitress .
Amazing facility . The nurses were incredibly professional . Pleasant . Anesthesiologist was great as well . I ' m grateful my Doctor utilizes this surgical center .
Great venue for our meeting . We were in the Palomino room . Wide selection at breakfast . Food was delicious
Family owned restaurant has excellent customer service and delicious food . The friendly staff alone were worth the visit . The food just sealed the deal .
Excellent cocktails and I love the concept . Favorite dishes for me : the scallops , lamb and the grilled cheese in tomato soup ( comes in ramen spoons ) . We will be back soon .
My only complaint is that this place is so fantastic that it ' s really busy all the time . The only thing better is the other location on Blue Dimond ! I could eat here every day .
I like this Habit Burger . The staff is fabulous and the food is really good . I always get treated so well at this location so it is the only one I go to .
Love love love this place ! It truly inspires me . So many different variations of clothing , accessories and shoes . I love the owner she ' s so sweet and friendly .
Tried the spice beef and lamb soup rice noodle . It was really good . I asked extra spice , perfect for spice - lover !
This Korean food is the best in town . The quality of meat are very juicy . Friendly staff
Best pizza ever ! Their salads are equally as good ! I ' ve always done carry - out and they are always on time .
So good it was delicious and especially if you do hibachi it ' s fun a lot of these people just like to talk to you that ' s why give it five stars
Great sushi outside of the strip ! ! ! ! My wife and and I LOVE SUSHI . We tired the Jackpot , and Last Call . Amazing ! ! ! ! ! Will be going back .
Awesome . Every single time . Most of the items are $ 10 or less . It ' s quick but always fresh . Friendly service and wait for it . . . . . KID FRIENDLY !
My poke bowl was amazing . The portion , quality , and customer service was amazing . Come and check this place out .
Outstanding service . Wonderful colors . Lynn is amazing . I will not be going anywhere else !
It was our first time here and we will be back for sure . We loved the food and the service was great . Best salsa ever !
Worth it and recommend it . Try Main Lobster Roll And also for dessert Classic Wicked Whoopi Pie
Amazing and so much fun . Harder than we thought and time flew by , but family had a great time .
Awesome ! First time for lunch ! $ 20 fed two . Fresh , simple clean done right . Will be back !
Great place to go to when you are in north las vegas . Does get busy for lunch and dinner , good to go on off hours . Salsa and chips are great . Plates are generous and delicous
The Vegetarian burrito is so yummy . I recommend getting the ranch sauce drizzled on top ! !
I just got my food I ordered and have not eaten yet It looks and smells amazing ! The staff is friendly Clean and fast service Presentation is superb
Im here at least once a week ! The food is delicious and fresh and the portions are great ! ! !
Really loved the food , atmosphere , and service . Had a great vibe and definitely recommend
Atmosphere was fun and cool with good music / music videos . We got tacos , steak fajitas and chimichanga - - - all were delicious ! !
Our favor weekday night place , great atmosphere , Brandon the server is always very nice and helpful . The food is always fresh and delicious .
A relaxing , clean and well appointed spa . The staff is attentive and accommodating without being intrusive . Very skilled and personable therapists . I will definitely be back .
All the meals were good ! And the beers were good . Great service . Nice atmosphere - - casual . Can ' t wait to go back for the third time .
Nickel drafts at happy hour . . . . . The bartender ' s keep up and it is a good feel for a bar . . . .
Awesome Bowling Alley ! Best Lanes in Vegas ! Don ' t come here for food unless you want to get fat !
I felt compelled to write a review because the overall rating is so bad . I did treatments for 2 years and am satisfied with the results .
The quality of sushi and the service is very good . The bento boxes are a great deal and leave you very satisfied because they come with soup , salad , and dessert .
Wow ! ! HANDS DOWN Sal and his boyz did their THANG ! Thanks for the AWESOME service and hooking my 2015 Altima up on dem 20s Will be sending people your way ! ! !
Great , Brian was awesome and got my taxes done in less than a few day ! ! ! Definitely recommend them
口コミを見て行ってきました。 大変満足です！ 日本人向けレビュアーさんの詳細な説明が大変役に立ちました！ おすすめ通り、Gangnam setを4名で注文。 すごく美味しかった〜 60代の母と叔母を連れて行きましたが、この年代の女性もそこそこ食べられる量です。 日本からきた2人もかなりテンション上がってました。 店員さんの接客も丁寧なのにフレンドリーでよかった、男前多かったし。 今回限りかもしれませんが、yelpにチェックインするとマカロンアイスが１つもらえます。 ぜひチェックインしてください。 予約は8名以上から受け付けており、あとはできないようです。
This place the spot on clean the belt mechanics are so cool ! Delicious food highly recommended ! The waitress Valintine was very friendly and helpful !
George is quite the character and will do what he can to make you happy . The food is excellent ! We totally enjoyed ourselves and we will be back : )
We had a great lunch . The Blue Corn pancake with BBQ duck was super . My wife has the hot smoked salmon club and I had the Yucatan chicken skewers . Both were excellent .
LOVE this place ! ! Fries are the bomb ! Burgers and shakes good too !
Uh . . oh . . . I error . the review is for the hibachi grill buffet , at 10030 n . metro parkway . my bad .
If someone said to me " Hey fatty , tell me the second best burger place in Canada " , I wouldn ' t tell them C N Dubbs . Because it ' s the best .
The best tacos I have ever ever eaten ! Definitely worth a trip . I would have paid triple . Sooooo good .
I need to update my rating to a five . We have been so many times now and Le Cartet is consistently awesome . Family favourite .
Reallly great food and drink at this one ! ! Well worth visiting ! ! Try the pork belly macaroni ! !
Whoa cowboy . . . . a little pricey but it doesn ' t get much better . They have a decent brewery as well .
Great service . Took our " grumpy " cat for a procedure and boarding and their attention was great . Prices are fair too .
Great place . Great atmosphere . Good service , Love the giant tea pot . reasonable prices . Will come back
This place is so good and the owners are really nice . They took the time to ask how we were and you can tell they were very genuine . I would recommend this place
Yummy korean and local food . Kalbi and meat juhn was so meaty and tasty . Love all the side dishes - the cucumber Kim chi and regular Kim chi was the best !
It was super tasty . It is a good place to eat out with friends and family members . The servers are really friendly . I will definitely come back later ! ! !
d ' r Gordon and the her staff were very kind and professional , the treatment was very good fast and comfort . I recommend with all my heart . thank you D ' R Gordon .
This restaurant is a hidden gem perfect for a date food was delicious and the venue is cute and quite I ' m surprised not many people know about this place
Really good sushi , very fresh and great deal on saki Very friendly staff !
Great food and frozen margaritas ! Service is friendly and quick ! Reasonable prices as well .
Excellent ! . Steak n cheese sub was great , the have a lot of salsas and people is great ! . Place clean and fast !
fresh , hot , wonderful . Loved every dish I have tried . Large portions , excelent service every time . A fan for more than 15 years !
We went to AZ food crafters last Saturday . The empanadas were outstanding . We also had the creme brûlée , which was very delicious . Definitely going back .
We were recommended this place by an owner of an antique store down the street and it didn ' t disappoint . A great gyurro , friendly staff and all around solid value .
Excellent food and service . Had the scallops they were wonderful . We sat at the bar had a local beer and appetizers , try fried oysters !
This was a great restaurant ! ! VERY clean , excellent food , friendly attentive service . I highly recommend it .
Duh It ' s Pete ' s are you not from around here ? Go ask another reviewer what they think and then come back here so you can see " I told you so ! "
Excellent customer service ! They were very helpful and quick in assisting me with my order . They also have a great selection of landscaping materials too .
This place is amazing ! ! ! I have never had Korean bbq before and they explained everything and was super helpful , and we got a free ice cream macaron for checking in ! Soooo good .
Best sushi in central Phoenix . Lunch combos are generous in portion and light on the wallet .
Cute little place ! Tried it out because Phoenix Yelp ' s IG featured it recently . Great pie as well !
So happy I bought my trailer at Rockland . Great customer service and excellent product . Would recommend them without reservation !
Absolutely incredible food . So delicious . We had the octopus to share and lamb burgers . I ' m blown away . And so much to choose from . I will be back soon .
Larry from Law Roofing was very responsive and professional . He and his team did great work , paid attention to the details and had very reasonable prices . Very highly recommended !
love the tater tots with the maple drizzled over them . Anything I have ever eaten at Fran ' s is delicious . Great atmosphere .
Probably my first Rum place ! It was awesome ! Ben is a great server ! Tacos were yummy !
If you want a great burger or fish and chip your at the right place . Fast service and great food is why I am a regular at pit stop .
This place is amazing , tip : anyone with an ID can get to the study room on the second floor , it ' s not exclusive for CWRU ' s students .
We loved this place ! Quality and quantity met our expectations . The mint ice cream was AMAZING
Had an amazing meal at Esther ' s Kitchen last night . You could tell the pasta was handmade . The chef came out to make sure everyone was pleased , boy were we !
I was there last sunday . Mindy had cut my hair to " bob " . I am very satisfied and will go back there ! ! I can tell everyone I recommend Ms Mindy ! ! !
this is now my new salon ! Makalia and Tru did my Mani and Pedi . I look forward to going back every two weeks ! ! ! !
Excellent place for lunch . I work across Krannert and this is convenient . I love their veggie chili .
Great place for repairs ! ! ! These guys fixed my breaks and a few other things all in the same day . Great customer service ! I appreciate all of their help and will be back !
No complaints , cozy chairs to wait for by the shade and several people cleaning it at the same time helped me leave faster . Really clean inside and out ! Definitely coming back
Great food and such a nice atmosphere . Derrick who waited on us was so very nice - The food was delicious ! Super fresh - We had a great time -
Justine is very talented and attentive to detail with her work . She uses good judgement on what would work for my eyes and my age . Great chairs too !
Best BBQ in central Illinois hands down . You ' ll come back until you ' ve tried everything and keep coming back to get your favorites . Seriously , there ' s something for everyone .
I love every bite of my pizza . It ' s a little germ on St Clair W and Dufferin . Very classy decor with stove oven at the back . Pleasant service .
Wonderful for lunch . Thailicious is delicious and affordable for lunch . Highly recommend it !
Easy to schedule online ; easy to work with selected adviser . Work completed expeditiously .
Extraordinary inexpensive , healthy food . Goodness , if you ' re searching for fast - food - like Mediterranean cuisine , definitely eat here ! !
Great store here in Phoenix ! KEM the store manager was a big help and awesome manager . Clearly it is passed on to the people that work with him . Thanks KEM !
Wow ! ! This place is amazing - the best I ' ve ever had ! ! Worth the drive . . Pins colada is the best : )
It was a great class will definitely be back our instructor bubbles was amazing . I would definitely recommend it to all my girlfriends .
My favorite Korean BBQ in Viva Las Vegas . Service was amazing . Clean atmosphere and great food ! Definitely coming back for more !
Excellent food and service , can ' t go wrong with anything on the menu , best us the El Pastor
Our Sephora is a great store , definitely not the most selection but good choices and great staff .
Great Yakitori , pork belly , and grill options . Lots of menu and excellent quality . Service is great . You may want to make a reservation on the weekend .
Was looking for a way to beat the heat and what did I find . Nice and affordable pool for the kids to let loose . Very nice life guards and had a blast with the little ones .
Great experience all around . . . from the minute you walk in and interact with Rebecca and Samantha , to the interaction with Dr . Marshall and Michelle . Nice competent friendly professional people .
We ' ve tried pork buns , shumai , chicken feet and water boiled with fish . Delicious ! Glad we found our new go - to dimsum / dumpling place .
CLOSED I ' m sad to report that this little slice of heaven has closed . I ' m crying in my mango lassi .
WOW WOW WOW ! ! ! ! I am absolutely addicted to this spot ! ! ! The Turkado Chavokey is my favorite in the morning ! ! If you haven ' t been here , GO NOW
This place is A1 , very good service you get what you paid for very worth it . the corn was AMAZING , and lets not talk about the prime rib soooooo damn good .
Muy Rica La Comida ! ! ! ! Sus Postres Estan Super Ricos Churros Y Cheese Cake Chimichangas Y Ni Se Diga De Los Elotes Asados
Great place for sushi can ' t beat the price either . Everyone was very friendly . It ' s A ok in my book .
Nice outdoor patio dining area . Short rib ravioli was great . The halibut was also very good .
This was a good location , this closed in November 2008 and is now a Conn ' s HomePlus
Excellent food , excellent service ! Great ambience and family friendly . The veggie burger was one of the best I ' ve had ! We will definitely be back .
Excellent brunch with always new things on the menu . Fried chicken is one of Toronto ' s best for dinner .
Chicago dog with everything ! ! ! Very good Burger and fries are excellent as well , I grew up in Chicago , so just like home
I love Jenny ! She is so sweet , always quick & does an amazing job ! Love the staff here , they ' re all so welcoming & there is always something to talk about !
This place is amazing the crew was super helpful and this is a once a time experience definitely going back
Dr Danyluk and his team have been wonderful ! They made my son feel comfortable from the very beginning of his treatment and he is now in a retainer and his smile looks great !
Favorite place for breakfast in the strip . The pancakes are great and you can taste the life of the grill in the food . A must go to place before you die !
Sneha is the best . I ' ve never seen her for long time . She did my laser hair removal for 6 sessions . . .
Found this gem on my last night in Vegas . Great atmosphere , friendly staff , and the food ( standard pub fare ) is fantastic . Would definitely recommend , and will be back next visit .
We loved the ambiance , location and food . It was an awesome experience . The food was rightly spiced as indicated , the variety was good and portions were large enough .
I love this place . They have a play place for kids 3 and under which is nice . Great service and delicious food .
This is the best Korean BBQ in Vegas . We don ' t need to travel to K - town in LA for authentic BBQ anymore . Excellent food & service !
Got the popcorn shrimp simple but delicious Great place for someone who likes sushi
Yaaaaaaaaass ! Finally it ' s open closer to Henderson ! Definitely coming here often ! Or everyday . . The boba is amazing and unlike any other place I ' ve tried .
Whatever you do , get the tiger shrimp tamale ! Amazing food and excellent service . Went during restaurant week and was not disappointed .
This place is so fun . My kids ages 6 through 13 had a great time ! We will definitely come back !
IN LOVE ! ! ! ! Only come to Vegas once every couple of years and always make time to come here at least once ! Definitely would recommend getting # 4 dessert
Very loud music but it was worth it for the fabulous nicely priced sushi ! Fun wait staff and great fast service . The TIGER ROLE was amazing .
Great place to relax if you have a few hours between flights . Decent bar but only popcorn and jelly beans for food so if your hungry grab something before you head to the lounge .
Very fun place for kids clean and inviting people are friendly . Great place to spend some time for a great price .
Angie is awesome and very professional . Arrived early and was able to take me in early . The product is top of the line . Angie gets my highest appraises . Angie Rocks !
Okay , I confess I ' m a Corner Bakery fan . Had the Chicken Pomodori panini and Lemon Orzo soup . Both were outstanding . Staff was friendly and attentive . Nice facility and patio .
This place is really good ! Their chips and salsa are delicious . Love the shredded beef tacos . I highly recommend trying it .
Authentic American breakfast , portions are big , prices are good . Tastes like at home . Would definitely recommend to friends especially for foreigners to try American food . 4 . 9 our of 5 .
Delicious ! We had the ribeye , perfectly cooked to medium rare , very flavorful ! The most amazing butter we ' ve ever tasted anywhere in the world . Great service and made for a memorable night .
Crowded , rowdy , drunken , sweaty , loud fun . The fun I had here was worth whatever I paid . Hope you have the same experience !
Awesome craft beers on tap and burgers at Brews Brothers ! Fortunately walking distance to my house . 48 on tap !
Go here frequently for the weekend lunch buffets . Always have a great selection to choose from and great tasting food !
Such wonderful people Very tasteful decor Wonderful food and reasonably priced Always fresh and top quality ingredients Highly recommended
Great food great service great prices . Had ths georgia pulled pork with devil spit sauce
Had an excellent meal at Zandru ' s outside last night - - highlights were the paella , garlic shrimp and the Spanish tortilla . The staff were helpful and courteous . We ' ll definitely be back !
Best yogurt in Phoenix by far . The staff always recommends flavors with certain toppings and that is how I discovered my new favorite . . . sour apple with caramel sauce . Yummm !
Effective laser haven ' t tried other places in the valley so don ' t have anything to compare to around here but my treatments here have been very effective
Food is amazing and great location ! Love how much more space this one has . Will be back soon !
We order from here often through grub hub . Delivery is always quick and I have never been disappointed in the food . Love this place !
Great food AND they have gluten free bread ! Woo hoo . Thought I wouldn ' t get to enjoy one of there awesome sandwiches ever again . Lunch is busy as usual bit with the cramped wait .
Best Italian food on the strip ! The carbonara is great ! Not too heavy , just perfect ! Calamari is good . However is service is the best ! ! !
I used to work at Town Square and loved this sandwich place ! My favorite was the Buddha sandwich . The quality of the food is always on point and that ' s why it gets a 5 .
I came here everyday with my husband the food is delicious n reasonable price . . Friendly n clean
Best tacos ever ! Super friendly staff and everything we ate was more delicious than the last ! Definitely coming back !
The best nail salon in town . I ' m driving 20 minutes to have my nails done here . They have lot of gel selection . My nails last more than 2 weeks . Love this place .
Consistently great food at a fair price . I suggest the French Dip - a new addition to the already great menu .
This place is amazing ! Love nearly all the teachers and the facility is clean ! Makes me feel sane after a long day !
I love this place ! This is my favorite restaurant . They have wonderful food . They also do a fantastic job catering ; they did my vegan wedding last year !
Swanky cocktail lounge in the upper floors of the Ritz - Carlton . As its name suggests , get some punch .
Great home style Filipino food . Staff are friendly and made me feel welcome . Ube halaya ensymada was excellent . Will definitely return : )
My all time favorite Mexican Restaurant ! The staff accommodates their guests to fullest . . even making some dishes that aren ' t on the menu !
Nice local place with good beers on tap , excellent food and friendly service . Definitely recommend the Cuban .
Went into the post office 10 minutes before closing on Saturday afternoon . The line was long , with several complex postal customers . Nevertheless , the woman working there was smiling and friendly to everyone .
Good selection of ice cold beer on tap and great atmosphere . Lots of TVs and a 75 " for the big games !
My favorite Italian restaurant in Clevelland ! Portions are just right and the food is always A1 quality .
Cafe Rumba is the best Mexican food place in town ! Their meat is to die for along with their chips and salsa !
Great food , different that what I was expecting . I was expecting juice and salads , what I didn ' t expect was the sandwiches and soups .
Best prime rib and rib eye for your money . Definitely will be returning for this place next time we are in Vegas . . .
I had the red curry chicken and ordered a mild level for spice . It was delicious ! Recommend trying this place .
Natalie is the best ! ! ! She is always so nice and happy . FedEx would not be the same without her
The owner was very courteous and took the time to explain the different taco options . It was the first authentic Mexican taqueria I have been to in Montreal and would definitely recommend to visitors and locals !
Sam did a great job on my iPhone SE screen , Everything promised was done and it only took 45 minutes
The pho tai rib eye was very satisfying and not too overwhelmingly salty ! Very deliciousssssss ! Thanks for having us district 1
We hired Suzanne to help us select interior paint colors and reupholster a rocking chair and 4 office chairs . She did a great job and we love the results .
Good sh * t . Came here to bring my vegan fiancée and I ended up liking it myself . I just added pastrami to my falafel
I ' ve tried many places around town including hotel spas and this has been the best massage ever ! Perfect ! Thanks Ivy , can ' t wait for my next one .
Real authentic Korean fried chicken ! ! My husband and I have been enjoying eating here and everything we have triwd so far is delicious and authentic ! Service and portions are great as well .
All four of us not only had a delicious lunch here but also had a great time . The bowls were full and everything was very flavorful . We ' ll look forward to stopping by again .
Omg , the tsoynami ( vegan soft serve ice cream with various toppings ) is incredible ! Fantastic and friendly service . Right next door to Green .
Just moved and happy to find this place ! Cheap but great eyebrow threading , plus there ' s a student discount . I appreciated how quick the service was , too !
Can ' t say enough about this place . Good service and nice atmosphere . The food is excellent and I didn ' t have to drive all the way to Chinatown !
Friendly customer service , very cheerful , and fast . I always come here because of how easy it is to get in and out , plus I like the rewards savings card : )
Best food great people family owned and operated you won ' t be disappointed if you like middle eastern food I recommend this place over all other Persian / Iranian restaurants and one last thing very affordable .
The cakes are delicious and the customer service is wonderful ! I will definitely be going back !
Fries and ice cream . . . Homemade and great . . . Awesome concept
What a place . The service is amazing . Food is the best . A must stop in Montreal . The food was the best I had in Montreal . The atmosphere is amazing
Buy one roll , get one free . Then you don ' t even have to feel guilty about devouring two rolls in one sitting . The owner / manager makes some pretty comical dad jokes too !
Best sushi restaurant that I have been to . The food is very delicious and comes quickly to the table . The staff are very friendly .
A great collection of Mattresses & peripherals . Salespeople are knowledgeable , friendly , and of the pressure types . Parking was a breeze and we ' ll be back for more stuff .
Holy hell . This place is the truth . I hope you ' re hungry . Cheap . Amazing . Nice people . I ' ll be back here .
This place is the bomb . Best tacos around . Everything is cooked slowly over mesquite charcoal . Don ' t hesitate to try this place out . And the prices are great for scottsdale ! !
I am in LOVE with the baked lasagna rolls they ' re so amazing ! ! ! ! 10 / 10 would recommend sending all my friends here ! !
This place is very understated I was so unaware of how good the food would be i will definitely be coming back I love the chicken parmesan sandwich .
Hubby brought me here for my birthday last yr . The food was delicious and has a nice view of gondolas . We each had a pasta it was tasty .
Nice diner atmosphere , good food and service . I get the natural burger a lot . A bit pricey but if u can spend 10 $ on a lunch try it once .
Very good people to work with . Patient and very talented . Getting a sleeve and couldn ' t really picture how everything would come together . Coming along exactly as they said it would .
I was there for lunch with my Thai friend . The meesiam with tofu and the green curry we ordered are tasty . Really love it !
Great Pupusas and Natural Juices ! They also do Catering ! They are located inside of Galaxy Foods .
Employee Micheal showed some excellent customer service skills . Stands out amongst other employees at this location .
Came for an oil change . Easiest oil change ever . Best price I ' ve ever had without a coupon or promotion . Friendly , Honest service . Awesome arcade . Will be back next time .
EXCELLENT IN EVERY WAY ! ! ! We ' ve tried several different dishes , every one was great . Service is friendly and fast . You can ' t miss here ! ! !
We have been going to Tryst since they opened . I crave Hawaiian food and Tryst is one of the few places in town which serves Kalua Pork and Eggs for breakfast . Yummy !
Best sushi I have ever had . Expertly crafted right in front of your eyes and service to match . Quite pricey though - - 60 a person . But incredible sushi .
Was super very helpful and gave me a very good price . I am glad I went here and I was given free delivery .
Great drinks , amazing food and good prices with a star trek theme . Loved this place . Visited every time I was in Vegas . . ast least a dozen times . Bring it back !
Live half a block away and love coming here to pick up healthy snacks and loose ingredients for kombucha tea , cooking , etc . Owner and staff are super friendly and very helpful !
Food was great & customer service was excellent ! I love that its so close to my home ! I ' ll definitely be a regular !
Great place to eat some damn good food , came here after a long day of studying and couldn ' t wait to sink my teeth into some great authentic Hawaiian food .
I went into freddys today to get a wash , I was greeted with a very polite manager named Brandon . He made my experience very enjoyable and I will most definitely be back .
I think this is the best pizza in Surprise . Moving from CA finding good pizza , nearly impossible . Great pizza and wings and the prices are very affordable .
Very reliable just got locked out of my house . I am being taken care of as we speak ! ! ! Excellent service ! ! Very courteous .
Today was my second time here . Got my nails done by Lee and my mom got hers done by May . Both of our nails turned out amazing and they were so sweet .
Great tacos and an awesome lunch special ! The hot sauce is really hot so don ' t mess around with it !
Got the Hot Stone Massage ! ! SO freakin great ! Beautiful spa & friendly staff .
Cheap and quick ! Very helpful staff and the place was easy to find . 2nd floor . Inside is very nice and inviting .
Just delicious ! ! I almost fill up my punch card with 8 visits and every time I have ordered something different and every time has been delicious highly recommended .
Food is excellent . Great neighborhood Thai food place ! Chicken cashew nut with hot spice is the best !
This place is top notch . Nothing more to say , just go here . Food is amazing , a tad spendy but worth it in every sense .
Good food and service . Proper portions with a good vibe . Great for groups . Lunch time does get busy .
Being a Greek and knowing what Greek food should taste like , this is as close to a home cooked Greek meal in Las Vegas as I can get . Great food . Great entertainment .
Earn my business every time . They always have the items that are not carried at the big boxes , saving me from the delay of an online order . Thank you guys .
great outside patio , terrific service , outstanding food . Get there for happy hour , enjoy the food , but get the salted carmel pudding , it ' s to die for .
Hands down best tailor I ' ve been to in town ! Habib is very knowledgeable at his craft & is very affordable . Also works very quicky & efficiently !
Great restaurant ! The entrees were fantastic , the wine list is diverse and the service is great . A +
I really like this place it was my first time going there this weekend and I love it . . . our server was so polite and friendly . . . food tasted great ! ! !
Great service . Fast and friendly tire repair with a reasonable price . We will buy new tires from them in the future .
Amazing machiatto . Great food and service . Came here twice on on our trip . Stuffed French toast and veggie omelet both very good .
It ' s good for wings I come here every once and while today I am having a buger and fries
Eat here all the time . New owner , great service authentic greek fare . My favorite Gyro Feta Salad with fresh made pita bread . . Forget about it ! The personal pizzas are to die for .
Ordered take out on my business trip . Everything tasted great . Service was excellent . I only wish I could have come by once more before leaving out of town .
Nice atmosphere , quality drinks , first class service and tasty food . The veal is amazing !
Super professional , has deliverables at a guarantee of 7 - 10 days . Captured a very natural version of me . Instantly comfortable environment and most importantly he knows what he ' s doing !
Absolutely loveeeee this place ! Highly recommended It has great food , ambiance and service . Would definitely go again ! !
Although a little far from my home , this is the only place I trust , quality work and great customer service . Definitely a place I recommend
We loved this place . Great food , clean and very fast service . Plus , the prices are amazing ! I highly recommend Hong Kong Asian Cuisine !
Very good and authentic Italian food . Calamari for appetizer was fresh . The fettuccine and scallops for dinner was amazing . And Best tiramisu ever .
Excellent little 3rd wave coffee shop in Scottsdale . They serve AeroPress here . Try it ! Also , the prickly pear iced tea is excellent .
Angela and Shane have the best customer service , very respectful with a positive actitud ! I love this place because of them
Loved every thing ! Everyone in the family , from Toddlers to Adults , , have been impressed ! The food is awesome . . . highly recommend
Great service , friendly staff , the drinks are supra better than Starbucks . Several circumstances have taken place in which we were given free drinks if we waited long or the barista just was in a good mood
They were able to squeeze in my fiancé and myself on a Saturday morning , and we could not be more pleased with the service and the great cuts ! Will definitely be coming back ! ! !
Kathy made sure I was accommodated because they were out of what I originally planned to order . Exceptional service . Delicious food . Will be back ASAP !
Great place , nice professional staff . I recommend this dental practice for small children . Thank you .
I ordered the shrimp curry . It had the right amount of spiciness . It was fantastic . So was the service ! I love this place . It ' s a hidden gem .
George is an excellent host . Chicken gyro is practically indistinguishable compared to gyros you would have in Greece . Can ' t wait to try dinner menu .
The best breakfast in town absolutely amazing . Definitely best breakfast in town elite , modern delicious . Everything that you look for you will find in this place . Lovely place .
This is incredible . If you like Lobster and cant get to Maine easily , this is your alternative . Great Lobster roll and she crab bisque .
The king crab legs were really good . The atmosphere is relaxed . The service was great . Highly recommend !
Really good and quick personal pizza ! There is space to sit or you can order to go . I got a white sauce with spinach pizza it was really delicious .
I absolutely cannot speak highly enough about this company and their beyond exceptional service . Thank you so much and Yahushua ( Jesus ) loves you .
Visiting from la where there are a ton of Korean Bbq places so have pretty high standards . This place exceeded my expectation by far . The food quality and service was amazing . Definitely returning here again .
My favorite casual restaurant downtown . Food is unique and delicious . Service is great . Be sure to order the pretzel balls : )
Loved the Liquid Marijuana drink made by Josh ! Absolutely delicious ! Love their Pulled Pork Nachos also .
Great staff . Always a fun environment . Always gives most for trade ins . And used games are cheap .
Can I give this place 10 stars ? ? ? I just got my best mani and pedi ever ! Great service and people !
Server Lindsey was very knowledgable about the drink menu and made a few recommendations I happily obliged . I would definitely come back here again .
This place is amazing food is incredible the service is one of the kind . I will come back again , great prices happy hour
High quality meat , excellent service , cheerful , upbeat environment . Been back 3 times in 2 months . Highly recommended .
The Pizza is exactly I like it . If you like the New York style pizza this place is for you . I took the smallest " don " and even it is enough for two .
I love their milk shake ! ! ! ! Recommend Chocolate Oreo milkshake ! ! ! ! Their burger and fires are tasty too . I like truffle mushroom swiss burger and sweet potatoes fries .
I eat at East West Pizzeria at least once a week . The food is always consistently very good . The staff is very nice . The environment of the restaurant is always clean .
Amazing steak . I shared the 40oz tomahawk , medium rare with truffle butter . Perfectly cooked ! The sides were as good and at times better than the steak . The mac and cheese was outstanding .
Cute shop with fresh ground beans to make a delicious latte . Plenty of room to sit and enjoy your beverage
Really enjoyed Nellos . The atmosphere is nice and relaxed and the food was good as well . I love that they have a variety of bruschettas you can make a nice little meal of .
The staff is always friendly and helpful ! Love this place for their candy , food and especially their Erie island Cookie Monster ice cream !
Fabulous sandwiches . Great twist of different flavors and just the right amount of each flavor . There were 3 in our party and we all got different sandwiches . They were all fantastic ! !
This is a great movie theater , easily my favorite . The place is clean and the seats are extremely comfortable .
BEST PIZZA IN TOWN . So fresh and delicious . They have great salads and specialty pizzas .
This place is outstanding ! ! ! ! It ' s pricey , but worth every penny ! ! ! Great service ! Great food ! ! ! Great atmosphere ! ! !
This place is kickass . I feel like Chili ' s copied this restaurant with their smokehouse meals . Anyway , it ' s always been good . Keep up the good work in the kitchen .
Beautiful new place , very modern and it ' s great for the downtown area . Staff greeted me as soon as I walked in and they were all very friendly !
The Best of West ! This is the place you go to to have nice Gyro , Kebob and salad ! Friendly staff and clean organized place and delicious meals ! * * * * * 5 Stars !
Great place . Food was amazing . Had the naan special . 4 people Monday night for 40 $ . New fav
Great food and great service . The owner was very nice and I wish him the best of luck with his new business . ! !
Great food and service . Will be returning again . Head north on Alma School to get there during construction .
Food is always fantastic but I feel I have to mention your hostess Christine , who goes out of her way to ensure that everyone ' s experience is amazing . Wonderful place and great staff !
Best cheese pizza I have ever had ! Jalapeno poppers are great too ! Everything arrived hot and on time .
I was really pleasantly surprised by how fresh and delicious the food was . I can ' t wait to eat my way through more of the menu .
LOVE THEM ! ! ! ! ! ! Get the pizza . . . they make their own cheese . great place
First time eating here , we got a groupon so thought we would try it out ! LOVE IT ! Great service and really really good food ! Will be back again !
I live this place ! Michelle gives the best service . Try the grilled chicken sandwich on ciabatta bread !
Tastiest and most well balanced Ramen in town . I have been to a few other close by ones and non are close in comparison .
My favorite part of the morning ! ! Stop in daily , all the employees are friendly , they make an effort to get to know your name and your regular purchase .
This is the best place to get pho in the valley , so delicious and the broth is amazing . The meat is good quality and the appetizers are delicious . Great price for such quantity and quality .
Great food ! Great Service ! Great Price ! And lastly great atmosphere ! Yakitori at its best !
Excellent food and service during lunch . Their sandwich special today was fabulous and we will definitely come back ! I highly recommend this gastro pub !
Amazing fresh food for a good price ! Very fast , made in front of you , very friendly staff
Love this place . The shrimp pad Thai is really good . Service is awesome and very friendly .
Great service ! Depending on your style and preference they can select so many different looks for you - trendy casual or professional . Makes " men ' s shopping " so much easier . Ask for Grant !
I usually dont write reviews but this place made me speechless i was new to vegas from houston but this place is awesome pakistan real taste cheers !
John and his team are knowledgeable , friendly , and always willing to help . They will guide you and direct you to the right products that meet your exact needs .
Very nice kofta kabob . Fries are nice and hand made . Spices are delicious . Overall , a wonderful restaurant
Bought a bike for my daughter . Very well priced bike . Also they were super helpful and gave me some hardware free of charge .
Great experience . My 17 month old loved it . . . the slide , the airplane chair , and the fire truck . They also have tvs to play cartoons .
been going to the roadhouse since it was the caddyshack . . . met the love of my life there . come find me and buy me a beer ! woo hoo . see you in a bit
Very nice and cozy place . Sometimes they play french music that make the environment even more enjoyable . Polite and nice associates . Highly recommended for studying or working .
Excellent food . Large variety . Easy to find vegetarian or vegan options . Friendly wait staff . Great dessert case . Highly recommended .
Adam was amazing and funny had a blast on the big bus he talks to everyone keeps everyone laughing
Great new restaurant in Arcadia area . Good food , friendly staff and great environment . You may need a bib if you get the ribs , tender meat just falls off the bone .
Great food and service . The owner Bill always makes sure his customers are happy and taken care of . They usually have good music on the patio on Friday nights .
Really good food and service they are fast at getting your food selection back to your table . I definitely recommend this place to anyone who is looking to try kbbq
This was my second time using their services . They fixed the problem in less than 15 minutes . They were courteous and charged a reasonable fee .
First time here . Loved my breakfast croissant with egg , Swiss , Carmelites onion , spinach and mushrooms . Really cute place that smells great ! Will come back !
Everything was excellent . I tried 4 different tacos and they were all great . Awesome salsa bar too .
Give Austin a raise ! What a nice young man . Was doing just about everything - seated us , served us drinks , worked the arcade . . .
Love the food . Plus I accidentally left my credit card and they called and held it for me until the next day . Great customer service
Staff was helpful . Fun environment . Great prices ! Will definitely be going back before I leave Vegas !
Amazing red curry ! Nice thick consistency and they always make it super spicy ( just how I like it ) ! The tofu is also incredible . Well cooked , not soggy and very well seasoned .
Family atmosphere . The food was amazing . The customer service was impeccable . I can ' t wait to return ! ! !
Awesome little hole in the wall donut place ! ! ! The regular glazed donut was amazing , all the others I tried were great too !
Delicious . I really enjoyed the feta fries and gyro . A lot of delicious Greek food . The people are very nice . It gets really busy at certain times but it is totally worth it .
The happy hour is absolutely fabulous . Always have a nice experience when I eat here on layovers . Friendly staff and fresh warm food .
Best all you can eat sushi in Las Vegas . The sushi cuts are huge and the fish is always the freshest . Love this place .
I have really enjoyed myself here . Don ' t usually go because when it ' s during their happy hour the whole place is packed . Saki bombs are an absolute must .
Love this place for breakfast . Corned beef hash Benny is amazing ! Don ' t forget to try a fresh back blueberry muffin too
Best mexican food in the area ! Food is delicious , price is reasonable , and service is great . Very clean too ! Breakfast burritos are amazing !
You don ' t want to pay for a new pair you get them fixed here . I ' ve been coming here since 1978 .
Another excellent repair of my iPad mini screen .
In Pittsburg on business . Recommended to me . Outstanding meal . The porky chop was undoubtedly the best I have ever had ! ! HIGHLY Recommend ! ! ! '
Options for vegetarians and vegans brought us in . The staff are extremely kind and hard - working . For what this business is , they are doing an amazing job !
Even with being such a busy store they do a great job staying stocked . Associates are friendly and helpful .
Easily the best Chinese food I ' ve had in Madison . The food is reasonably priced , hot , and delicious . Definitely try the fried rice . Best I ' ve had .
Super fun ! Live music there last night ! Had a blast and I don ' t even like country music ! Great wings too . . . best I ' ve had since moving here to AZ !
Great selection . Their spicy oil fish and crab legs are my favorite . The spicy mango salad is nice and fresh too . I go here all the time
Love this place ! Hailey is the best server ever ! So nice and always asking if you need something ! Never have I had such amazing service . I ' ll be back : - )
I was barely here 5 minutes and the awesome and friendly guys fixed my flat tire ! ! ! Thank you so much guys for the awesome service ! ! ! ! Happy Holidays ! ! !
$ 10 for a great men ' s haircut from Crystal . I was used to paying nearly 3 times that in Atlanta for a haircut of this quality . Can ' t beat it .
BEST COFFEE . I buy a bag of beans every week . Friendly employees , lots of different options for the more distinguished coffee drinker . Try the cold brew when you go .
Great local place , I prefer to support local business when I can . Fantastic coffee and tea and local honey .
Great food but way too much , food for two would easily feed three . would recommend if you are willing to try different things
This place is the best place to get permanent makeup ! ! All the staffs are very nice ! ! I highly recommend this to get permanent makeup .
The guys in the store are awesome and very helpful . The product is great and the prices are the best in the area
This is my favorite sushi restaurant in Vegas . All you can eat is moderately priced and the service is excellent . I come here whenever I can
Great food , great bartenders , just an awesome neighborhood place to hang out and watch the game .
Great time . Attended the 6 & younger on a Thursday morning . Besides my 2 friends who met us , there was only one other family .
Go see Angel ! ! ! I get my haircut with him every week . He takes his time and pays attention to all the details !
Great place for a beautiful walk with the family . Close to downtown eateries and the civic center library . Also - Scottsdale performing arts center is here .
They always help me in this store , and have even thrown in a few freebies and found ways to reduce my bill .
In my opinion the best Thai place in AZ . Very healthy portions , very flavorful food , very friendly staff .
First time here and first time trying Mediterranean food . . absolutely loved it ! The place was clean and the staff was very friendly . I will definitely be coming back with my family !
I absolutely love this place ! Perfectly clean and everything is sterilized or brand new , even the Emery boards . You ' ll want to make an appointment , but it is worth planning ahead .
Ça faisait très longtemps que je n ' avais pas mangé une aussi bonne pizza ! 10 / 10 ! ! ! Un trésor caché . Give it a try you won ' t be disappointed !
Awesome awesome service and very large quiet clean rooms . A great place to unwind after the chaos of The Strip . Great location ! !
Love this place , my dog loved every stay . Love the owners , love that they tried the best to meet your need . Reasonable price . But holidays require certain amount of stay . : (
One the best Pakistani ( authentic food ) i tried in whole US must try Nihari , chicken karahi , chicken Biryani really friendly staff and very good service
Do not listen to one bad review I am a chef this is the best sushi bar saying in the state this place is incredible and I highly recommend you come here and they ' re very very friendly
Gabriel was fantastic and very professional . I would highly recommend him for any plumbing or electrical service needed . He would not quit until he got the broken connector removed and I truly appreciated his service .
Great food , very authentic . Ordered from them couple times and the duck is pretty good . Perfect food for parties and drinking .
They were very friendly and accommodating ! She dealt with my cowlick and got me right for my interview . Good location
I tried their jasmine green boba tea . It was delicious ! They also make sure you like your drink before you leave the place . Great customer service ! I ' ll come back !
Great selection of eyewear , friendly staff and clean office ! Dr . Mumford is very knowledgeable , patient and makes sure you have the best vision and comfort .
Amazing entertainment . . Sexy ass men . and very friendly . . Great . . . . BRING LOTS OF MONEY
Joe was very nice , helpful and knowledgeable . The place is really clean and great waiting area . = )
Rob is an extremely talented and wonderful photographer . We have used him for our family photography for years ! If you want someone with a great personality and eye for detail you need to use him .
Loved the food - great pizza and they even had vegan cheese , not on the menu , but this made the restaurant for us ! Great service as well and nice environment .
Great service , friendly staff & the environment is nice ! Overall appeal is great , very clean , very prompt service . We are definitely returning on our next Vegas trip !
Best acupuncturist ever . I have been to many and Ron is the best . Skilled . Compassionate . Affordable . Fellow Yelpers do yourself a favor and put away the NyQuil and get some acupuncture .
Very nice waiters and bar attendants . . . . . awesome place that caters to their customers to make sure the meal and drinks are enjoyable . . . . . thanks guys
The best bubble tea in Toronto is this place . IT IS THE BEST . Just try it . Trust me . Amazing flavours , great quality waaaay better than labothèry and other places in downtown .
Dr . W . knows his stuff and being very helpful on educating me . His skills and confident helped me to overcome my fear to dentist .
This was my first year going ! I had a great time , terrific music , great variety of food , and the wines were awesome ! I ' m definitely going back next year .
All I can say is YUMMMMMMM Oh , and THANK YOU ! I love your goodies and I will be back ! Please stick around !
just what I hoped for ! they checked the way my feet work on a camera and treadmill . Cool ! Then custom ordered what I wanted and called me when it came in .
I had one of the best hair cuts in my life at this salon with one of their junior stylists , Bayley . I highly recommend giving them a try .
Delicious ! Everything is reasonable priced and flavorful . Love the tempura and drink station
The quality of meat here is just top notch . They have a very nice salad , and the pancakes are tasty . A beautifully presented high - quality spot .
Super friendly people running the island style Authentic cooking and flavors Excellent quality rates among the best I ' ve had Big miss if you are in Vegas and don ' t give this one a try
Haveli stayed open late for us and provided great service ! Their food is always amazing and the staff is incredibly friendly !
Everything we ordered here was packed full of farm to table goodness . I even tried a few of their crafted cocktails and they were excellent . Will be back
This is definitely one of our favorite spots in East Valley the food is always delicious it ' s got daily specials appetizers desserts entrees , absolutely delicious every single time !
I have been going to her for 3 years and I would never go to anyone else . Kim is so nice and does the best job with everything you need to get fixed .
Beautiful place to start and run your venture The meeting space is beautiful , and modern . . . not your ordinary tables and chairs . Really helps for creativity .
The staff is very friendly and helpful , they walk you through all of the steps making sure you understand everything . Good location right by a gas station so thats convenient for moving trucks . Definitely would recommend
I love coming here ! I have tried everything . My late night craving is the elote here with the Limon and Chile mmmmm . Horchata is always on point too .
Best Mexican food downtown . Lunch menu is smaller but we were able to order apps from dinner menu . Handmade bloody Maria ' s were amazing ! !
Great restaurant food is always fresh Their bread is the best always ready and hot . I always get the Sinbad Combo Platter enough food for 2 - 3
No complaints . Friendly people and great pharmacy . All at the corner of happy and healthy ! !
I had the burnt ends , she had the rib tips . This was way better than any BBQ joints we have in Madison WI ! !
Uncle joe is a great guy . Always provides excellent customer service . Not to mention the breakfast sandwiches here are fire .
I don ' t think I ' ve ever had a bad experience at Teds . Everything is so good . It ' s always busy so that should say something about this place .
First time here . The portions were small ( compared to other places ) the food however , tasted amazing ! We will be going back soon !
Bestest Western Inn in America ! how can you go wrong with hoover dam and lake mead only couple of miles away and vegas only 20 minutes away ! Nature + Party = Perfect Trip
Best Steakhouse hands down ! Lobster Bisque and the Lobster mashed potatoes are a few to name the best ever ! Filets to die for ! Always a treat ! Love you Mastros !
Always great food . . . . never had a compliant . If the line is long that ' s a good sign . It ' s worth the wait . Keep it up Joe ' s !
The only thing I ' ll miss the most about moving from my area is I ' ll be leaving my flame broiler always mighty delicious no matter what time of day I go in for a bowl !
Yum ! Favorite breakfast place in this area . I love the granola raspberry pancakes and as a special they had it as French Toast today ! Food and service is always great !
Absolutely one of the best pizza places in the world ! I have never tasted anything more authentic and delicious .
Great work and great people . Did an excellent job on my truck and they were all super friendly .
Sarah is the awsome ! She takes care of buisness to make you look good . She is sweet , friendly , and efficient .
I needed a seam fixed on a dress the day before I left for vacation . They were able to fix while I waited ! Amazing !
Had to buy some stuff at the pharmacy . Was pretty quick . I prefer these guys over cvs , at least the Nevada locations . I think they have better management at Walgreens
I highly recommend Krystal at the west mount location for cut & colour . She ' s the best .
Nice place . The food is delicious . I think their pancakes are the best in Illinois . I also tried their fried potatoes . They are super tasty . I will be coming again to this place .
I had a traditional Gyro . It was SO fresh and the Cilantro sauce was like nothing I ' ve tasted before . Clean environment and friendly staff . Gave great recommendations to our whole party .
Great chicken tacos with fantastic pico de gallo and guacamole . My friend got the protein bowl with steak and chicken which he said was great . Very friendly staff .
If you try nothing else , make sure to have the corn . It ' s amazing ! Great service , food and drinks .
Great vegan options ! Will come back again soon . Maybe tomorrow : )
Recently this place changed ownership and we were worried it wouldn ' t be as good as before . Fear not ! It ' s still fantastic ! This place is a hidden gem .
Yummy pancakes ! One of the best breakfast I ' ve had in a long while everything was fresh and great service !
There can be a long wait but they have the best Cubano in Montreal ! !
Clean , friendly and quick ! ! The girls at the front desk are always polite and the service is always professional . Definitely a gem .
Fish tacos were excellent ! ! Great brewed beers on tap as well ! ! ! ! ! !
For sweet or salty treats ! Recommended ! We had the fondue , Crepes , Omelets . If you like Hot chocolate look for the special formula
Loved this place . Cute little family owned place with a hipster vibe . Great vegetarian choices . Owner was so nice , gave us samples and talked us through the menu .
BOMB . . . Brown Sugar Pancakes . . . BOMB . . . Price is a little high but , PORTIONS make up for it . . .
Great food ! Good service ! Comfortable environment ! Decided to go here via Yelp reviews . Bell was my waitress , she was very kind and pleasant . I ' ll definitely be back . . .
Best boba you ' ll find in the chandler gilbertish area ! I like getting the jasmine milk tea with boba . But there is a lot of variety here for anyone !
Wrote an entire review which has disappeared . So , short - hand : first timer , great experience , so pleased I found her . Everything looks beautiful !
Great hotel ! Love the peaceful lobby , pretty pool & yummy restaurant ! I left a pair of shoes in my room & they were quickly located & shipped . 5 stars !
Great addition to the West End neighborhood . Food is always good and the service is wonderful . When I go local this is where I head to .
I love Winco and the employee ' s are great . Skye and Bobbi are my favorite and sooo nice . Keep up the great work .
Very efficient and friendly staff . It was crowded but they were fast and I didn ' t have to wait long . This was my second visit and both were good experiences
Had a fabulous facial that was chosen for my skin type and concerns . My student esthetician made me feel very comfortable and confident in her training . Thank you Hannah I shall be back soon .
Awesome food and super friendly owners . Try the mamajoun , meatlovers pizza and mushroom pizza .
This brunch spot is incredible ! The food is wonderful and the service is excellent . Definitely American friendly !
My sister came in to the store today to inquire about guitar rentals . We were lucky that Meno was in today to help us as he made the experience fun and easy going . Thanks again !
Great ahi poke bowl ! We ordered it without the lettuce and it was even more delicious ! Way cool vibe too ! Great service , great music ! We have been here twice in one week !
This place is very organized and the father and son that run this store are very helpful ! They know what they have in stock or will help you get it ! Thanks for the great deals
MUCH better than Sesame Inn . Good food , good menu , good service whether eat - in or take - out . We ' ve eaten there many times .
Was introduced to Vosges while in New York for a friends wedding but frequent the Las Vegas Vosges every time I am there . Their spice infusioned truffles are terrific .
The food is amazing and so is the service . We are addicted . They even have gluten free pizza and it is amazing ! !
There Bread is Great but there coffee is even better . This is a small Bakery but its busy . Big turn over . There ' s Deli counter and hot table also .
Awesomeness , Derrick , are bartender , took great care of us and was super chill and makes the best green tea shots , have to try the carne Asada breakfast tacos . Place packed with eye candy .
Best dinner ! Ask for Loriana as your server , she is a BOSS ! So attentive and fun . Thanks ! !
Yuna is the best manicurist in Vegas ! Her Neil design , career and skills are amazing ! I ' m so glad to find this wonderful nail salon ! And also she can speak 3 language fluently
Great food , great staff ! Super cozy and relaxed . . . Loved this place ! The pizza is fantastic with a good beverage selection ! I will be back !
Visited for the first time today . Excellent prices , helpful employees , great inventory . Quite possibly a new favorite . . .
Great food and great service ! ! The steaks were fantastic ! ! As an appetizer , grilled Ahi tuna was great ! ! No complaints
Outstanding fried chicken , excellent fries , delicious mashed potatoes . Standard diner food done perfectly .
Great experience here . Scott took great care of me in getting some sweet tires on my new truck . Definitely will be back for more ! ! My truck looks awesome
Oh my gosh I ' m a loss for words about Sakana because this place is unbelievably good !
Thanks to Nick for your artistic skills . I love my watermelon fingernails and toes . Also , this place is also so easy to schedule an appointment in advance or even for my last minute planning .
First time here . The whole meal was great but make sure you save room for the sesame balls , so yummy !
Wow ! The food was Awesome especially the Short Rib on the Flintstone Bone , a must have ! Thank you for the great atmosphere , hospitality and delicious food !
On way to meeting stopped in for smoothie that was amazing ; pineapple green smoothy was made right at counter with fresh produce . Will go back soon .
Spicy Prawn was incredible . It ' s cooked shrimp lightly covered with a spicy curry . The restaurant is family style but I could ' ve eaten that whole plate . Crispy duck salad was wonderful
Excellent concept - Good and relax ambiance - We enjoyed the overall experience - You have to be in the mood for home - like food to fully appreciate !
Great pizza and good service . It is a great concept in which you construct your own pizza from a great selection of toppings and almost before you can sit down , your pizza is ready .
Best nail salon I ' ve been too ! Great customer service the manager / owner says thank you like 100 times .
Loved their spicy twist on the Edamame ! Sushi was delicious as well . Great place to grab a bite to eat for a great price !
Food is delicious and the service is always great . Can ' t beat the view and the little beach outside . Defiantly worth the price .
Rick has taken great care of my car the paint job is awesome and the trim work looks beautiful .
Amazing food amazing servers . The food was amazing but the prices are a bit expensive what is Italian food so it ' s really great . Pre hospitality very clean and very nice staff .
I was blown away ! We ordered many things off the menu and each one , delicious . Actually , that is an understatement . The service was phenomenal . I love the place !
Great place to eat around the area . Too bad they are closing . The pasta is to die for . I would recommend it if you are in the area ; before they close
One day I ' ll make it there for something besides breakfast , but I don ' t know why to bother when the breakfast is so good . They do stop breakfast at 10 : 30am though .
Awesome ! Fresh ! Gotta try ! They had terrific service and very healthy . . . I recommend this small family business
If want a great atmosphere with Great patio seating . . . service was on point and the food was good . Highly recommend
this park in the summertime is heaven on earth . I live the next street over on bellwoods and this park is a big part of the reason why .
Great food , great staff . The crew were fantastic , intuitive and sensitive to the customers need . Definitely recommend this place if you ' re in the area .
You must try the Cashew Nut Chicken and the Panang Curry with Beef . The food is as good as Lotus ! !
Tried Atlas on the recommendation of the Cityplace Facebook group . Very good food and coffee . Will be back .
Great food . Quick and courteous service . Never been disappointed , tried their catering as well for an event with 100 attendees and was awesome .
Absurdly good food . Amazing service . Little loud so wouldn ' t go here if you were looking for an intimate evening . . . . but fun atmosphere .
Favorite donut spot ! Gotta try the bacon maple and any of the cereal donuts . The owner is humble and always welcoming ! Every employee I ' ve met has been awesome . Thank you Donut Parlor !
Great breakfast buffett . Everything was very fresh . We had both lunch and breakfast and they were both great . Highly recommend .
This place has amazing food with reasonable prices , I had a combination with salad and hummus was great ! ! April , the waitress was very professional with lots of smile . Will definitely coming back ! !
Great customer service and knowledgeable technicians . My office received new a new machine and Tyler came to do a demonstration and taught us all how to use it . Thanks Tyler !
Best jumpers in surprise ! I wouldn ' t think of going anywhere else if I needed a jumpie ! Be sure and ask for a double jumpie discount if you get two !
Delicious food , Nice combination of Mediterranean , Indian / Pakistani Food . Low prices , clean restaurant and good customer service .
Delicious ! The beignets are the best I ' ve had . The service is amazing too . Definitely recommend Nanny ' s !
Steve O was amazing to me ! Thank you so much for the services ! He went above and beyond even under this 100 + weather ! Will definitely be coming back !
Robins was easy to work with , got the job done quickly and efficiently and at a lower cost than anyone else ! They also have a rewards program which is great . I would highly recommend them !
I was totally impressed with my visit to bell Lexus . Everyone was so helpful and particularly . GARY who was my service representative .
Service was trash . But the ranch and honey mustard were goat status . Good food and decent beer prices
Great street tacos . Great seasoned food . The place was clean , maintained , and staff was friendly . My two upgrades would be cerveza and lengua tacos . Great price point for the menu .
Best car wash I ' ve had . You can tell that the guys working here take pride in the job they do . Highly recommended .
Great pizza joint . Well located . Nice ambience , delicious food , good service . Also love their pazookie !
Best margaritas in town and good by Bobby Flay is tasty and a work of art ! Check out my Chile Relanos
Great food , great margaritas , friendly staff , and great service . The best Mexican joint in the eastern suburbs of Cleveland .
This restaurant is fantastic ! The delivery service is always fast , even during busy times . I highly recommend the Basil Chicken !
My wife ' s favorite restaurant in our home area . Tremendous food and drinks with great service ! It ' s the spot for a romantic dinner !
Excellent service . J ' ai pris un grilled cheese Funji ( de mémoire il y avait de la mousse de truffe ) , délicieux , 10 $ , peu coûteux considérant la truffe
Love coming here for brunch , game day or just a drink after work . Laid back place with great service !
Hands down the best bbq I ' ve ever had . I take day trips from chicago to go here .
stiff drinks , friendly patrons & bartenders has PING PONG and the shake of day
Great massage definitely going back ! Went in for a prenatal massage . . . . left feeling great .
Phenomenal food and even better service ! I strongly suggest trying the lunch buffet ! So many great flavors for $ 10 !
This place , by far , has the best breakfast burrito I ' ve ever had ! Everything is made hot and fresh . Nothing comes from the package . YOU MUST TRY IT : )
Right next to my home . And always clean comfy and cool witch is just the type of place I want to see a good flick in .
Jason is amazing . I requested a quote for a new home and he optimized my coverage . I transferred my cars to him . Always polite and very knowledgeable .
They ' re inexpensive and unique ! everything taste so fresh and delicious I ' ve been coming here for about a year almost every month and it is worth every penny ! !
Just ate here and its fantastic ! ! Service great and very attentive . Will definitely be returning
Best breakfast burritos ever ! ! ! I would recommend the max burro with bacon . Their brisket is great , too , on the days they have it .
This place never disappoints . . . the quality and flavor is unmatched . . . my wife is a vegan and she loved every bite . . . friendly staff . . . all around A + !
I got a custom ear mold for work and it fits great . Their staff were very professional and courteous .
Red Robin is highly underrated for their burgers and bottomless fries . The bar area is perfect during football season and almost always open with no wait .
私達のお気に入りラスベガスBBQレストラン。ただし、事前の予約が必要。ラスベガスに行った際には また利用したいと思っています。
Sooo good . I went with some colleagues on a recommendation and was not disappointed . Had the bison which was cooked to perfection . Definitely get the Brussels sprouts . Sooo good .
The food was delicious , portion was huge as well ! Definitely recommended for a delicious and fulfilling meal
Great food , friendly staff , clean environment , spotless bathrooms . What more could you want ?
Bill has helped me out with my rental properties in Phoenix several times . Can ' t beat the price , courtesy , customer service or the work . I wouldn ' t use anyone else ! !
I have always enjoyed dining here . Great service , atmosphere & food !
The food and service was great ! It was pretty packed but the place filled of smoke . They have complimentary slushies btw . They also have a patio . I def recommend this KBBQ !
I had a car starter installed and Kyle did an excellent job . Great range ! ! ! Excellent service , excellent price and super fast ! ! ! I would highly recommend The Tint Factory ! ! !
We were looking for masks for a mascarade party and the girl at the front desk went out of her way to pull old ones from the back . Excellent customer service !
Great greasy spoon . Breakfast til 2 served by very attractive and courteous staff . I love the eggs benedcot and my daughter loves the BLT
Amazing place Love their buffet I go there everyday for lunch since I work close . Fresh food , decent price . Nice variety and great flavour !
Best fried rice I have ever had ! Oxtail fried rice . Really great ! The pork belly buns were really good too !
Delightfully decorated place , great food and cozy homey and yet professional service . And the view !
Best casual restaurant in Whitby . Varied menu high quality and tasty cuisine . Staff is super nice and friendly . . . They have a nice quiet little patio too . My fav spot !
Only nail place I go to . Always come out looking perfect no chucky nails great service awesome staff . Go to Jen she ' s great !
Forgot how good the food is here . . Damn they need one in Yuma ! ! !
Great place to live . . . . . Very polite staff
Great customer service and food was delicious Gonna be coming back more often to this place because of all different kinds of foods on the menu
You have to try the roasted chicken with mac n cheese , collards , and corn bread . Man , this food is so so good ! A MUST if you are ANYWHERE near Uptown Charlotte , NC .
Awesome burgers . Max the bartender makes a mean Bloody Mary . Great place ! Go !
Great service , great food , the location is perfect right at King and Bathurst . The food was served fast and everything tasted great . Highly recommended .
Great everything , eat wings , and all other food , buy drinks , then you will want to come back ASAP .
This place is amazeballs ! Great quality sushi using some unconventional ingredients in some very interesting ways . Just my kind of place .
My favorite place to explore Cleveland nature . It ' s so serene and beautiful . Great place to just take off and go when you want to get away from it all .
The best desserts . I like ice cream they make it them self . The best ice cream on danforth . It really soft that I like the ice cream . you can ' t beat uh
Fantastic tea place and looks like a local favorite . They did not disappoint wish I got a large instead of a small .
Nice spot , great talk and the skills that are in the building are sick . Good job fellas . Thanks again Samuel . I ' m definitely coming back .
I don ' t know if this is always 5star , but it was tonight . Great top shelf marg for the price ( especially in vegas ) and excellently prepared salmon salad .
The best prime rib . Great service . Nice atmosphere . We love going and enjoy it every time .
Took my wife and kids after school and we all loved it . Best burger and fresh cut fries we have had in a while .
Awesome fries , the smashfries are awesome and burgers are also really good . A chain that runs throughout the country and a very good chain burger place .
You gotta go here ! Always great food and a fun atmosphere . If you want something spicy , go for the burn in your stomach roll or kiss of fire .
Joe is Amazing ! The Sopapilla ' s were outstanding ! ! Had a great time on the patio ! ! Thank you for carrying my Hidden Crush wine . Love it ! ! !
Great Oysters ! Nice atmosphere . A very small Oyster bar in a nice and much bigger building with other food businesses . Pete , the chef , was terrific . I ' m coming back for sure !
I ' m only speaking of , and rating , their delivery service . The drivers deliver healthy generous servings , while providing excellent customer service . I especially like that they deliver FAST .
I ' m sad this business had to close . Great concept and great atmosphere . The valley needs a chill spot like this .
Excellent experience , outstanding quality of work , would definitely recommend . Mark was a pleasure to work with and he provided outstanding service , product and pricing .
Came same day and fixed my garbage disposal - definitely recommend ! Very professional , were there when they said they would be . Prices comparable to other companies .
This is one of the best hottie ' s in Las Vegas . The staff is amazing and always willing to help best customer service by far . Thank you for always making my shopping experience awesome ! !
Yet another amazing 60 minute session . I have never had a bad therapist here . They are all truly amazing ! Today was Jerry .
Axis is an amazing printing company with incredible customer service ! Our company has been working with them for the last couple years and they always provide exceptional service . We will be lifelong customers !
Food is really tasty , good size of portion . I really like big choice in menu . Comfortable tables . This is my second favorite place with Thai food .
Love Chon Thai . The owner May is so sweet and the staff is so friendly ! Our favorite Thai restaurant in the valley ! !
Love someburros and am happy to have one closer to my place ! Every Tuesday it is my go to place and I like how the design inside differs from the other someburros . Great job !
Best sausage and fennel pizza I ' ve ever had ! I crave it ! Amazing !
Went to sola for a few slices with my friend and was greeted with amazing customer service by the cashier named Brooke . 5 stars for sola ! ! !
The best food in town the services fantastic and the Manager THE BEST in VEGAS we recommend this places is excelent .
The best Russian / Ukrainian food in town . I am from Washington state and when I in Arizona I always visit ALL PIEROGI KITCHEN ! ! ! ! !
Good pho . This is my to go spot for good pho . I ' ve tried them all in the valley . Clean and get this , friendly . . . consistently . Good job guys .
Le Meilleur endroit pour prendre un cocktail entre amis . Les drinks et la Musique sont malade ! Seul bémol , le temps d ' attente pour rentrer et pour commander .
The sin city burger lived up to the expectations - love the fried egg and grilled and fried onions . The smashfries were an added bonus with the rosemary touch !
Spiffy Tiffy on Dutch Crunch Bread with Dirty Sauce is a must ! Delicious ! This place also has excellent customer service , everyone had lots of smiles on , which truly makes a difference .
Been here multiple times and never a bad experience . Food is great and service is excellent .
Amazing production ! It grabs your attention and never lets go . The singing and dancing were fantastic . We loved it
Good and strong coffee with nice pastries and cookies . Good place to hang out with buddies .
Barbara rocks again ! ! ! Picked up my progressive lens glasses ! Will update in a few days after wearing them , I love this place !
I still give this place a 5 star rating . Everyone ! Bring you doggie here . . They are so good to animals and the staff is very friendly ! !
Sukiyaki is a must - try dish ( especially during winter ) ! It ' s super flavourful . Just the mere thought of it makes my mouth watery lol . PS This place is strictly CASH ONLY .
They have fresh enough Sashimi & tepanyaki . Fun to watch & eat same time . You need to book for tepanyaki .
I have two Cool Boxes currently . Staff is incredibly helpful , and show up when promised !
Max Was Great ! ! ! ! He Had Fantastic Customer Service Plus He Made Sure Our Raspberry Ice Teas Were To The Rim Of Our Cup Every time ! ! ! Max You Dope Bro
My nail tech is Tony , he always does a great job . The price is right and he always take his time .
I am addicted to this place and I bet everyone who has been here is on the same page as me . I love all their teas . The staff are friendly and helpful .
Just got done grilling brats we bought here . As always , their sausages are superb , either kielbasa , Slovenian smoked sausage or the brats . We have been buying meat there for years .
We experienced the Ultimate family magic show tonight at Westgate Casino ! Be prepared to be wowed and laugh !
Was very fast and responded quickly . I would give Varden 5 stars all day long . Thank you for your help I appreciate you very much .
The brunch is awesome , I recommend all of it . The pretzel is also well executed , along with the bratwurst . There ' s also live music on Saturdays , and it ' s interactive too .
Hole in the wall kind of place . Their good is excellent ! Yummy ! I always get their chicken fried rice , dumplings & for desert the sticky coconut rice with mango !
Peter is a great guy to work with . His vision for any space is always unique and trendy . Definitely plan to use him again for a project in the near future .
Best sushi around ! Great service and delicious food . My son and I eat there at least once a week , yum ! !
Great service ! Michelle and Kayla were both very helpful and responsive . Will definitely use them again when I ' m in Vegas .
This is now my favorite place to eat in St . Jean Sur Richelieu . The food was great the service was great . I will definitely be dining here often .
Bam ! The deep dish pizza is off the chain ! And the girl who takes my order when I call is actually friendly and helpful . . . which is extremely uncommon for a pizza joint .
Dr . Moses and Dr . Lina have together helped my neck and mid back feel much better . I no longer have regular headaches or numbness in hands !
Hands down the best cupcake ever ! Size is extremely satisfying with flavors on point ! This sweet spot would well worth you visit !
The staff here is amazing and sweet ! Can ' t beat $ 60 ( including resort fee ) a night ! Cheap , but great quality food ! We ' re coming back . . ( :
Ruben TATER tots awesome ! Drink and ear cheap ! Good service ! Great place to go when $ is short !
Their breakfast burrito ( bacon , eggs & cheese ) must have something illegal in it because it is out of this world amazing ! yum yum yummm !
My regular breakfast place . Never disappointed with the food , service or atmosphere . Everytime I come I try something new on the menu . There ' s a little bit of everything to fulfill any cravings .
Amazing place ! Amazing food ! Even greater service ! Definitely coming back for my Pierogi fix ; ) the portions were quite big so the two of us couldn ' t finish the dinner .
I ' m so happy I live nearby this restaurant . The food has always been fast and fresh and absolutely delish .
God , still dreaming about those croissants months later . Just go ! It ' s fabulous ! And get something to - go so you have a treat for later .
Always on point ! Excellent service , excellent food and treated like a king . I ' ve been eating here for the last 10 years , at least 2 times during my stays . Love strip steak
Such an awesomely fun musical and great homage to the Evil Dead series . The entire cast has amazing vocals and are hilarious !
Pho has great authentic anise flavor , service is great and fast , get take out from this place at least twice per week ! Deluxe Pho # 22 is my absolute favorite !
Best steak in Cleveland . Always great service and the piano bar is a great place to hangout for a drink . My favorite place to eat in Cleveland
Incredible wings . Perfectly cooked , nice and meaty , and great sauces . We ordered delivery and they arrived on time , hot and fresh . Will definitely order and visit here again soon .
Beautiful well maintained , great information stops . . a must do
Took my daughter here today for lunch . First time there . Great service , decent price , very clean and the food was soooo good ! We will definitely be back !
The food here is amazing and very reasonably priced ! Most items are under $ 10 and portions are huge ! I recommend the wonton soup , braised beef noodle soup or soup dumplings !
I enjoyed my sada fries one of my favorite lunch spots ! I love how they cook the food fresh on the grill ! I mess w the east side .
Omg yum ! Went on a Sunday night , had our food in front of us so quickly ! Def recommend the bulgogi , hwayo soju , and jalapeño poppers . Open late , and delicious .
Best halwa puri nashta with excellent chanas . Their prices are very competitive as well . Don ' t expect high level of customer service . Also their kabab combos are great .
I ' ve found myself in a tough situation for the past few months . This establishment has been nothing short of helpful and courteous . . EBA - North Las Vegas
Great food and great service . Lentil soup , lamb kabob , chicken kabob are all very good . The falafel is some of the best I ' ve ever had . Highly recommended .
Been a Stylist here since it opened and I really pride my Salon having a friendly / professional staff and affordable service ! Come check us out : )
Their cranberry nut granola is so yummy ! I put it on top of some yogurt - crunchy and subtly sweet !
Great food and lovely customer service . I felt like I if I was at home . Wish we would a place like this in Los Angeles .
Great dive bar . Great bands . Fun bar , sort of a biker bar , Always a hoot .
Love this place . I get the gel manicure every 2 weeks . If it wasn ' t for the new growth , it would be able to last much longer ! Michelle and Don are fantastic !
Great atmosphere and food . One of the best places we have ever had breakfast at . They have a garden near by that they grow the food for the restaurant .
Great sushi , food well done , nice delivery and packing ! I don ' t need to write a lot I just get to the point and it was amazing flavor sashimi .
An amazing and must visit place for a foodie . One best authentic Indian food in Tempe . The Samosa is the winner .
Great food , beautiful setting , quick service . Edson was an amazing waiter ! Very attentive and kind . Definitely will come back : )
Excellent food . Sad to hear it ' s closed . They had an amazing sprout wrap with hummus .
I ' ve been coming here for a decade now and me and my cat have been treated very well ! I ' m so happy to have a reasonable and loving vet in the area !
Along with their wonderful food ( wood fired olives are my favorite ) Nook Kitchen is now serving Bourbon flights just in time for fall . . .
I hate this place ! They ' re soo good I don ' t mind waiting for an hour during weekday lunches , argggghhh !
I have been a regular with vern for over 2 years . Great cuts friendly barber shop atmosphere . I always schedule appointments because he is always busy . They do need some later day help .
Awesome place ! ! ! Burgers way better than In - n - out . Great shakes ! I had the chocolate shake , it was bomb .
Their hot dogs are the best - all meat ! Their hamburgers are even better ( if you can imagine better than best ) I am getting hungry just thinking about ordering one
The best food experience I have had in years . No complaints . Everything was top notch .
Clean facility . Well lit . Cooled units available . Friendly staff . Fair pricing . Not sure what else you would be looking for .
This place has great pizza and they are family owned and super nice ! ! I will keep going there for sure
First time trying this place - so happy we did ! Food is extremely tasty - Bombay chicken is a must ! Ordered chicken pakora , Cantonese chow mein and curry chicken spring rolls . Yum ! !
The food here is amazing and they make some killer cocktails . Definitely recommend making a reservation .
Freda is the best . She always does a great job . I really like that she spends time on my cuticles beyond just pushing them back .
I love this place . Great beer , wine , and atmosphere . To top it off Dan and Clayton are very knowledgeable and good dudes to bot .
Awesome sandwich shop . Unique menu , tons of options . Be sure to dine in between 3 - 7 PM for happy hour , free chips and a drink .
Love the food here . Went for my birthday and they did not disappoint . The portions are more than enough for one person to eat in one sitting . Leftovers are always a good thing . YUMMO !
Fast , friendly , reasonably priced , and best of all no scratches ! Drive thru car washes will ruin your car . Don ' t do it . Hand wash is the business .
This place is incredible ! The ice cream is homemade and SO good ! Also , the employees are so sweet and make children feel so special . Definitely one of our favorite places !
Great breakfast , atmosphere and friendly staff . Very clean . Good for the whole family . 2 thumbs up !
amazing . we had the plato campechano ( 1 / 2 carne asada and 1 / 2 chicken ) . we highly recommend .
Presentation is stunning . Flower is editable but , I did not try . You will not be disappointed . I recommend reservations because it can become very busy during dinner time .
We enjoy family night here on sundays ! But never had food just bowling , movie and mini golf ! !
Thee best Greek food in the state ! The Hummus is to die for . Always very fresh food and an awesome staff !
Went here for the first time yesterday it was a cool little spot very interesting blend coffee and beer but it works it was clean and the service was good I will be back
Great service and delicious Persian food , I had the chicken kabob with rice and grill tomato . . . . see you soon .
Great tasting fish and chicken ! ! ! Excellent flavor ! ! ! The fish and chicken is the bomb ! ! ! I would highly recommend going there .
I rarely enjoy thin crust pizza , but this was phenomenal . Fantastic dough , good assortment of toppings , solid service and reasonable price . What ' s not to love ?
Live on East side out here doing a job . This food is incredibly delicious . If you are in the area stop here and eat you will be so glad you did .
We got the breakfast burritos . It was Just the right size and reasonably priced ! Delicious . Their staff isExtremely friendly .
Nice little coffee place . Got some pastries and alcohol too . Spent a few hours sipping my cold coffee to which I added the vanilla flavor . Have ample seating space
Came here for a smog check . The girls at the front desk are super sweet . Don did my service . He was very quick and informative ! Thank you guys !
A very spacious shop with couches with an appealing juice bar . Great staff also and very knowledgeable . Located at Chinatown so parking may be troublesome but worth going to .
Has to be one of the cleanest Thai food places ever ! The food is awesome every time we visit . The staff is very attentive and courteous . Love this place ! !
I ' ve lived in Vegas since78 this is by far the best cigar shop since back in the day . Old school
Excellent pizza . They do offer indoor and outdoor seating but very limited so I find it best to take it home
Great Vietnamese fusion spot in Vegas . subtle spins on traditional dishes as well as straight forward recipes done right . Great job D1 Kitchen .
I ate at Quidley ' s for the first time this evening and it was amazing ! I ordered the large jerk chicken plate with plantain and yams . I can ' t wait to go back .
Wow I was amazed by how good the steak really was even the seafood so fresh , appetizers , good atmosphere is really nice people working there my favorite waiter , Bruno and Frank the manager A real gentleman
The sanctuary of old town Scottsdale . . . water to listen to , grass to play on , trees to climb , and dog poop bags for your best friend . What more could you desire ?
Everyone was extremely helpful and courteous . They were able to address my car issue quickly despite me being a walk - in . I would highly recommend this service center to anyone needing service on their cars .
Hannah is so patient and sweet . Did an amazing job on my eyelashes ! I did not mind driving 30 min to her location because I know it was worth it .
Wow ! ! ! Really impressed , love the outdoor concept . Can ' t wait to have a cold one while shooting pool over looking the strip .
Many options of brews on tap ! Each one unique ! Delicious burgers and fresh cut fries !
My favorite gun range . . Friendly staff , clean store and good prices . . Favorite things are free soda pop , pop corn , sonic dip cleaning and its not a tourist trap either . .
Had a great server Rhett " No B " , as he likes to say . Great meal . We were there for restaurant week . This was our 3 rd visit , each time has been perfect .
This is one of my fave spot to eat out now ! Food was appetizing and delish ! And all the staff / servers were excellent ! I love this restaurant !
I ordered Lunch Combo ( Tenderloin Chicken with french fries ) for $ 8 . 99 food looks and tasted good . Location with special view to the Runway from the McCarran International Airport .
Best pho I ' ve had in the valley hands down , and I consider myself a connoisseur of fine pho dining .
Incredible ! Loved the cactus margarita ! We also enjoyed the lamb chop and the veal . Wow ! Worth the hype .
Yummy juices , smoothies , and açaí bowls ! ! You have to try this place ! Nicely priced and great quality !
Mushroom quesadillas phenomenal . Chili relleno was excellent and the banana cream pie was perfect . This is truly a great restaurant .
Great bee , food , games , and service . Do yourself a favor and check them out ! You won ' t regret it !
Amazing place , Very Friendly , Great service , would take my friends and family back here soon ! Love it ! !
Very knowledgeable and helpful staff ! Helped pick out the perfect toy for my Australian cattle dog , as well as great healthy food selection .
Fresh and delicious ingredients that you can craft into your own delicious bowl ! Friendly and knowledgeable staff . Definitely a top place to go for a Mediterranean masterpiece !
Fun place to go with the kids . Good variety of obstacles and fun for little and older kids .
Omg the food here is BOMB delivery time is always normal , not fast but not a super long time either . Highly recommend their wedgies & plain cheese pizza !
This subway is amazing ! Great service ! Amazing food ! & Always Clean ! Especially The Kid with The glasses and The Asian kid with the blonde streak ! ! I love subway !
Bodyworks is one of the best body shops in Charlotte . Great customer service . Their technicians are highly skilled and meticulous and the paint work is as good as factory finish . High Recommend !
These guys are the best ! Checked our battery , we needed a new one , they installed it out in the hot sun and did a great job ! Always friendly and professional .
Very tasty . A lot of options for a smaller place . Seems more appropriate for lunch and for guests of the hotel . Nice that they had a vegan menu as well .
In the back of the shopping center . Look for their logo . Cute spot ! Their presentation from the doorman to their cocktails were very detailed .
Fresh , delicious and well presented sushi . Good service . Restaurant is run down and patched up in places , but good experience for the price .
Fabulous sushi , wonderful . The food was excellent , and the atmosphere was very authentic . I highly recommend this place .
Excellent shop owner , and my puppy was so relaxed there she was sleeping when I arrived to pick her up which has never happened before . Great results and super quick turnaround time .
Betty was awesome ! She is a certified therapist and an expert in this area ! Will be returning ! !
This show was incredible . I think it ' s most enjoyable for people who are familiar with all 3 stories . Great music , costumes . Very fast paced and fun to watch .
I have been ordering food from here for years , it ' s always been very tasty . It ' s my favorite pizza and there ranch dressing is the best .
what can I say it ' s Vegas to much booze food and what ever else you want I always have a good time even thou I don ' t gamble
I love this place ! Glad I found it , as I wasn ' t aware we had one here until I discovered yelp !
Loved this place especially the falafel pita the lunch portion was just right ! The fresh made hummus and the pita bread that ' s made in house and served warm was so good !
Amazing place to get fresh sandwiches , smoothies and veggie juice . I personally love the fact that they sell veggie juice . The owners are incredibly nice and I highly recommend this place for everyone !
I couldn ' t believe it when I called this guy and he was at my door two hours later . Prompt and professional courteous service . I would highly recommend this place .
This is a late crowd but guaranteed not to disappoint . Go see Manning and you will have a great experience .
Best party city store they had alot more stuff than the other stores i really liked i will definitely try to come back at this store
Small hole in the wall type restaurant . Had the pork chop and it was absolutely amazing . Great food altogether . Server was very nice as well . Definitely a do over
First time at the Great Greek . Food deliciously fabulous . I had the lamb gyro special . It was the best I ' ve had !
Great food and service here . The quality of the chicken is better than competitors and the price is a great value . You should really try this place out , and try the flautus .
It has always been a pleasure to work with Neck and Back clincis . I have both been a contractor and a patient here and their work is beyond compare .
I got takeout from here one afternoon around lunch time . The food itself was really , really good . I would definitely return .
Love Manuel ' s ! Always good food and a friendly staff .
There goat meat curry is the best I ' ve had in US and service is excellent too . Five star rating well deserved . Keep up the good work
Great food and drink selections ! Just a littlw overpriced and could use complimentary chips and salsa !
Never disappoints ! Their spinach pie appetizer works as a great meal . I definitely recommend this for a date night or just out with friends .
Five50 is one of my favorite pizza places in the country . You can ' t go wrong with the Gotham !
Liked this place a lot . Atmosphere is really nice , chefs board is a winner . Very good happy hour .
My favorite brunch in the city . Herbed goat cheese French toast is the best . 6 stars .
Excellent food and service . I always get the pork Barbacoa salad but everything looks great . Treats all customers well and especially first responders which I loved seeing .
Atmosphere is calm . Food is delicious . Our seever was Kamiah , and she was amazing . She explained what everything so well . If you haven ' t tried it . . . try it now !
Great stuff we got the two person vegan platter . All items were great . Prices were reasonable and service was very friendly . I would definitely go again .
Wanted a healthy , filling breakfast and found it in the picturesque Red Rock shopping area . Great menu , great service and great food .
one of my new faves , will be back and back and back . . . . hehe staff was friendly as well esp . the girl upfront ! and they have cannabiotix ! dank !
Strangely addicting ! The green salsa is amazing . Food is fresh quick and tasty ! Only thing they need to adjust is there fish taco !
Beautiful Food Beautiful Wine and Beautiful Experience . I love this place 5 stars all the way
Matt Moore does such a great job at really going the extra mile and taking care of their customers . Thank you to Moore Chrysler Jeep for being taking good care of our family .
We have a Good time my friends love this place food was very good and the service excellent they play music for us corridos we are going back soon thanks Casona
Best pastor tacos ever . . everything else I ' ve gotten has been good as well but the pastor tacos and micheladas are out of this country good !
The delivery guy was probably the nicest delivery guy I ' ve ever met . The pizza was amazing !
Their Mongolian beef is fire . This is the best Asian delivery I have had since moving to Arizona . You can ' t beat the price either
Grant is fantastic . He knows what looks good . He is patient and it is a pleasure to go shopping here . I highly suggest shopping here for menswear ! ! !
Amazing . 6 of us went for the first time . We let Julia pick our meal and she did a phenomenal job . Everything was delicious . Can ' t recommend it highly enough .
Love this place . Going to be my new fav when I am in town . Guac and chips were spot on . Especially loved the scallops .
Best posole period . All menu items top drawer . Great decor .
Delicious Indian food ! The curry was perfect and loved the jasmine rice ! Excellent choice !
My kids always have a fun time at the tepan grill ! The chefs are so comical and the food is amazing ! I really enjoy taking the family out to Hon Machi for a fun filled night .
Absolutely best fresh salad I have had in a long time . It was so filling and more than enough , I had enough left for dinner . I ' ll be back tomorrow ! ! !
Great coffee , awesome atmosphere and the staff is friendly and very helpful ! My wife has family in Hudson , we will definitely make this a regular stop on our visits !
Delicious sushi rolls . Great happy hour deals ! Really like this place . Always nice and clean too !
Brisket Sandwich + Mac n ' Cheese = Taste explosion .
Kim Cares . Plus she has a great eye for design and her expertise goes beyond the tailoring .
Dr Pinkert is awesome ! He is one of the best Vision Drs in the Valley , plus he is cool as . . . . I CAN SEE CLEARLY NOW !
I ' m from Seattle Washington and they Korean BBQ here in Vegas is better than the Korean BBQ there . I know I ' m coming back here
They are really excellent . There are times when you have to wait and they take a bit longer than some other places I ' ve been but I believe it ' s due to the excellent quality .
There is no better crew than at the Tavern Grille . They will take care of you from start to finish - food / drinks / Happy Hour ! Quality , friendly , and a great menu ! !
AMAZING . . . Highly Recommended . Great homemade pasta
Best restaurant experience in years of visiting Vegas . Neighborhood restaurant in old home . Great service . Wonderful eggplant Parmesan and chicken cacciatore . Generous portions , no charge for sharing .
nice collection of spicy salsa ' s Good quantity will fill a lot of ppl fully . Didn ' t forget to try their pink chips and pinapple harbenaro salsa
D ' s the the best ! The food is great , the beer is plentiful , and the staff are wonderful !
Haru is great . They don ' t have anything crazy unique on the menu but it s always quality food when we order . The potato keroke is one of our fave appetizers .
Gotta say despite being a chain , this is great place ! Great bread , meat , peppers , clean , fast . Pricey yes , but a good sub always is !
Great place to hang out and drink wine . Love the bar and staff . I would prefer more vegetarian choices on food .
Best burgers I ' m Gilbert . Great service and very clean . Funky bathroom . Like . . . Real unique .
Friendly service with delicious and nutritious food . I like how you can add your own sauce later . Don ' t forget to ask for their loyalty card if you are a frequent customer .
Man , everytime we visit this place we get the best service and food in our area . Liz and Henry are the best . We never had a bad meal .
Fantastic burritos here . Nice spicy flavor like I ' m looking for in this category . Small place . Not great ambiance , but solid performance on my food !
Been seeing Dr Bailes for about 15 years . Wonderful doctor that listens and asks questions . Not a pill pusher at all - suggests dietary or natural things as well .
I could not stop eating the duck fat fries . I think our table went through three additional orders . The steaks were cooked perfectly . Nothing we had was disappointing and everything was above average .
Family run , excellent service , unbelievable prices . Definitely worth the short drive from the Vegas strip .
Love fat cats . One of our favorite places to take the kids to see a movie or bowling . Good times
My eyebrows came out great . I ' m definitely going back because it ' s hard to find a good place where they do them good .
People do an amazing job finding all these reasons recipes that are so addictive to smell and to drink . I am there are teas and there is David ' s Tea
My previous review was for lens crafters . Whoops ! I ' ll give you 5 star anyways
$ 6 . 00 dozen wings Tuesday ! ? What ! ? Hell yes ! Service pretty damn good as well . Try the monkey sauce .
The wings and pizza is the best . As close to NYC pizza I ' m gonna get in Charlotte ! ! This place is always on point .
Awesome place ! Ben was great with the pedi ! Good work everyone very polite ! Reasonable prices , no complaints !
What a great find ! Just stumbled upon it and will definitely make the drive from N Las Vegas to come back . Fresh soups , salads and sandwiches . Very clean !
Ate here on Saturday for lunch . My wife and I loved it . Great food . Great service . Good prices . We will definitely be back .
This place is awesome . Make sure You come here with an appetite because they won ' t skimp on the portions ! Most of all the customer service is awesome , they are so nice !
Awesome food . Wings are delicious . Everyone enjoys the different dishes we tried . Staff is friendly
Alejandra Chavez was very helpful and made the process of purchasing a car easy for my wife and I . If you ' re looking for a car to buy , this is the place to go .
Quick fast painless and I loved the results . Must try to believe . . . . . The stuff are amazing and I will come back next year for sure
Food was great and staff were friendly and efficient . Love the fish and chips and shakes . Dont like outdoor seating .
very good !
Great burgers Good price now that I know better from eating elsewhere at so called gourmet places . . . . Great fries Fresh burgers made to order
Perfect venue for Beachbody Coach Summit . : ) Nuff said .
One of the oldest antique stores in Vegas and has a great rep for both merchandise and knowledge ! When I am able to get by this store it is the highlight of my day !
Another great brunch at Harlow . I love their corned beef and hash . Always made perfectly .
Wife , me , and kids all agree this was a successful breakfast experience . Was seated quickly , food was awesome and kids got " saddle back " toy . Recommend trying it out
Smoked meat to die for . Delicious . Staff is super friendly , clean and orderly space . Where else can you get matzo soup ?
De - effing - licious Reuben and fries . Stopped here before seeing Mystere . Fast food , huge portions , good prices ( for the Strip ) .
The staff here are amazing and attentive . The menu was unique and fun . The atmosphere and experience are top notch . We had the tomahawk ribeye and it was perfection .
Been coming here on and off for years and always get great service , the pedicures are amazing . Everyone is friendly and does a great job !
Never leave reviews myself on anything but Store Manager John was very nice and kind to go out of his way to help me with my Barnes & Noble membership .
Mi familia disfruto de este maravilloso espectáculo . En especial mis hijos , quedaron encantados por las piruetas y acrobacias . Este show es para toda la familia , en verdad lo recomiendo .
Went to lunch on a Friday . Good food ! ! ! Good drinks ! ! ! Friendly staff ! ! ! Laid back ! ! ! Outdoor seating looks great . Big bar with sports on .
Cool place . Its open till four so great place after the clubs after a long night of dancing
Best stadium in the valley great seats close to players Giants , and lots of fun there too . I highly recommend Scottsdale Stadium
OK , you may be able to get it cheaper at some other places but if you need the RIGHT part with the BEST quality and PROFESSIONAL service , skip the others and go here .
Excellent service ; authentic Turkish food ; wonderful ambiance and very friendly atmosphere ; very reasonably priced ; real value
This place is excellent . The foie gras , buffalo , ribeye , desserts , caesar salad , drinks , are the best in the Valley at any price at any location . Thank you .
Best place in Arizona to get a beard trimmed ! Ray and Scottie do a great job . Clean shop with an awesome vibe .
Super awesome service ! I ' ve been in a few times but haven ' t rated until now . We seem to always get the same waitress and she is really great . Food is good too !
The chicken parmigiana is off the hook ! Veal scallopini incredible ! Old school Italian at just the right price ! My fave !
Great Chinese food , nice and clean . They have authentic Chinese food and " American style Chinese food as well " . Their sushi are super good ! ! !
Been to the Gyro House many times , and have not been disappointed . Gyro ' s are great and blows My Fat Greek out of the water .
The chicken was one of the best meals I have had . Try the Brussels sprouts and the fennel salad too .
Good choices of beer particularly IPA ' s . . . rotating taps . . . friendly . . . great smoked brisket sandwich
I have left very happy each time and I always receive compliments on my nails from others . Tina and Tony treat each customer with care .
Lorna was delightful and for a Brazilian it was not as painful as in the past ! Great location as well !
The good was delicious especially the mashed browns . The service was excellent ! What lovely people . .
SO . FREAKING . GOOD . Best sandwich place ever - never consider going to another one . Staff is super friendly too .
Best showIve scene in Vegas . They are halaruius , great impersonations and bit do they have great voices . Definitely go see them
turtlehead peak ftw calico springs is beautiful for beginners
Wow . The food at this place is AMAZING ! Their menu changes all the time , and I highly recommend ordering a bunch of things and sharing . Drinks are BYOB .
Oh my gosh . I love this place . The food is healthy and fantastic . The owner , Lisa , is a total doll . She has the Midwest charm from Chicago . I frequent .
Great beer selection , and AMAZING pizza . I loved the vibe ! Will be back . . many many times !
The food is fantastic and the staff is very friendly and accommodating ! We dine almost once a week and have had good experiences !
Everything was really delicious , we order fajita tacos , mini chimichangas , the steak , and the enchiladas that my kids loved it ! Nice environment .
Friendly staff , fantastic food . Don ' t let the outside fool you - this place is great !
Came in today for the first time . Katie was my nail tech and she was awesome ! The salon is beautiful , very clean . Everyone very friendly and helpful . I will definitely come back !
Everything you could want from a bouldering gym . Super clean , comfortable layout , and interesting problems . Definitely worth checking out !
We purchased the sesame cookies , the date cookies , almond croissant , almond challah bread and chocolate babka . Everything was EXCELLENT , especially the babka ! ! ! ! Highly recommend it ! !
My nails are beautiful . It was my first time getting them done and I fell in love Thank you Diana !
My favorite sushi place in Vegas . I ' m addicted to the sun devil ! I get it as soon as I fly in . It ' s tradition now
Unforgettable experience . Beautiful setting . , good food & music . Excellent service . & to top it all , you get to walk it off by touring the magnificent hotel lobbies & grounds . Worth it .
Great food and great waiter . Kyle was awesome . The Diet Coke stayed full . He was there when we needed something but not hovering . Very happy with tonight ' s meal .
What a great place ! Beautiful atmosphere , great staff and owner , and my hour massage was phenomenal . Definitely recommend !
The pizza , wings , and broccoli roll were very tasty . If you are in the mood for delicious NY style pizza , then you will not be disappointed at Stevie ' s in Vistancia !
This place is awesome ! Geat food and service went here for dinner with friends good times . . .
Jimmy is amazing ! amazing artwork with very reasonable prices . He ' s very patient and never rushes you out . Appointments are necessary but it ' s never difficult to get a hold of him .
Excellent service ! We ate here as a part of the Summerlicious campaign and all three of us enjoyed the food thoroughly . Very well put together menu and a generally good vibe .
HUGE bowls of pho for about $ 7 . The chicken pho is some of the best I ' ve had .
Happy wife happy life she ' s been using Jennifer for over two years she did great work I like the location good atmosphere
Soul satisfying Filipino food . Come as you are and be yourself . Longsilog . Lechon Kiwali . Bistec . Kare - kare . Rice . What else do you need besides to keep coming back .
Incredible service , gentleman went up and beyond by not only fixing watch but adjusting time date as well . Honest , affordable , great experience .
I love this place ! Everyone is sooooo nice ! ! My dog doesn ' t even shake when I drop her off I can tell she feels comfortable with everyone there ! Great place ! ! !
Such a great time here . I had the best bartenders , Trina was wonderful , she got me drunk , she recommended the best whiskeys , and made my night ! Thank you Trina ! ! !
Awesome food ! Awesome atmosphere ! This will definitely be the new regular place to pick up fresh , healthy food for my busy family !
We have been ordering the Chicago Pan and Picasso salad for years . . . . . . . . . . . simply the best ! ! !
Still the favorite for our family . Even including as far as Niagara Falls area our new home , though we still come by when we visit
Here again this week . . Chicken and philly steak awesome . . I of course did the parmesan garlic wings . . The best
Korean BBQ on Steriods ! Traditional Cooking style ! Must Try !
Love this place . Great juice and smoothies . Super friendly service . You will not be disappointed . I recommend the Intense One smoothie add pineapple . . . love in a cup .
Excellent service and large portions , also great ingredients for a fast hibachi spot !
Hibachi chicken , fried rice and mixed vegatables . . . out of this world ! Haven ' t had good hibachi like this in awhile
Absolutely phenomenal . Where else do you get basically a buffet of food , cheese fondue , grade A meats and dessert . Definitely coming back here again ! ! ! Bravo Hobak
Quick , friendly service , great atmosphere . Good food . We liked the shrimp fritters a lot !
awesome food . . . we usually take to go from this place and have lunch at tempe lakes . . rose water lemonade , falafal awesome
It ' s pretty good they have different flavors than Jamba Juice their wheat grass is better than Jamba Juice
Food is delicious : ) we loved our food . Owner is really nice and the restaurant is really clean . It is right next dollar tree . Would recommend to anyone .
Hello Service , i have been here before and got my zany ziti in 15 - 20min this time at 40min i had to take it to go ! ! THE FOOD WAS GREAT
Must eat BBQ , I would rank it with # marksfeedstore in Louisville Ky . They were out of turkey & burnt ends
Excellent food , service , and price . The ox tail was amazing . I would definitely go again in the future .
Delicious ! The sopapilla and tostada was amazing ! The staff was helpful in making choices and very friendly !
This was my first time and the food is delicious . Great for quick take out of Asian food . Will definitely return and highly recommend !
Great food . Our kid ate without needing reminding . So that says a lot . Would definitely recommend .
Always had a great experience . The employees are always kind & helpful . The samosas are awesome . Every time their food hits the spot .
Love Habibs ! Great kabobs , amazing hummus and delicious fesenjan . We eat here regularly and have never been disappointed . And it ' s always nice to end the evening with a rose for the ladies .
So glad I found this little gem . Very pleasant inside but took my food to go . Good flavor and level of heat . Can ' t wait to try it again
Tasty mexican food . And great horchata . The service is always fast and polite !
I love this place . Nice selection and it tastes homemade . The lunch buffet is outstanding . They also have a nice beer selection . This is my new go - to Indian restaurant ! ! !
We eat here at least once every week . The food is flavorful and plentiful ! We love that vegetarians have so many options . Tina and Sophie before her are always very accommodating ! Love the place .
The Salted Carmel flavor is amazing here . They also have a kids corner with dry erase markers to color on the walls . The place is perfect for a quick family outing for dessert .
FIRSTTTT . So they have a cool menu very similar to school bakery and it just seems like a better and newer version !
Wild Fusion is our go to Chinese restaurant . We have never ordered anything there that we didn ' t like !
First time here . They have an excellent menu served in a most pleasant Mediterranean ambience Just as good - - if not better - - the next time around .
Tonight was our 2nd time seeing the show . It was even better than the first . Always , amazing performers and such a great friendly crowd . Thank you Kenneth Rex , you rock ! ! ! !
Arrived right on time , fresh , hot food , great flavor and really good deal for the price . Met the owner as well and he was very nice .
Luv rio tan . Clean . Comfy . Affordable . Knowledgeable . These guys are great . Highly recommend .
Grade : A - Be prepared to spend a buck but it is more than worth it . Raw , grilled , and fried pan - Asian dishes kick ass .
This restaurant is very clean . Simple and well organized . The food is delicious and is good for me . Staff is super friendly and very helpful ! I love it ! I will be back !
I had a wonderful massage with Laura . I recommend the heating cream with your massage . The staff is great and the atmosphere is relaxing . I highly recommend .
All of the food here is fresh and healthy ! I could literally eat here everyday , it ' s THAT good .
Best boba place in town . We are regular customers and advise you to try this place before you die . The staff is cooperative , the place is nice , and the drinks are amazing !
Gil was so friendly , super professional . The New Mexico enchiladas were delish ! ! ! ! Hands down for this place ! ! ! !
Very good selection of Filipino and Asian food . Its A beautiful store and very clean and convenient .
Nostalgic , authentic filipino cuisine . From their breakfast buffets on the weekends and variety of dishes , I ' ll be returning with friends !
They repaired my electronic locking actuator perfectly , and came in on quoted price . . . . no ups or extras .
Very highly recommended for the whole family . Great service and prices for people with no insurance , will be back as a regular patient
Amazing environment and we had a beautiful view seating at the window and enjoying fountains of Bellagio ! Food was delicious . . . highly recommend , especially for the romantic dinner
Love the decor of this place . And the smells ! ! I had the mini fruit tart and mini pecan pie . I wish i had ordered the large size of the pie . So darn good .
Rodrigo . Good man . Even better suits . Will be returning .
Best Korean BBQ place for me , it is pricy , but you can get all different meats . Sometimes new server cant handle too many order at once .
Fell in love this place ! It ' s so refreshing to have such a healthy option so close to home and work ! Amazing owner and awesome staff ! Plus they support the troops !
Awesome range with a great selection . My instructor was courteous and incredibly helpful . Would definitely return .
The Terducken burger is the single greatest sandwich I have ever tried ! ! ! I am furious that I don ' t live closer so I can get 1 every week .
The sea salt cream is truly what sets this place from the other boba places in the Vegas area .
the best natchos in arizona at a decent price ! ! ! the staff is friendly and it makes it that much better . mucha lucha taco is great !
IMHO best gelato in the city . Have tried 2 locations on multiple occasions , never a bad experience . The next contender in line might be Lingam Cream House at Markham & Steeles .
Very trendy ambience , the food is amazing and customer is great . Definitely recommend the place .
Outstanding in every way . GREAT food , GREAT service , friendly , professional , and well worth going to .
Yum ! I ' d like to try the doughnut sandwich next time ! !
My husband and I decided to try this place out and we were extremely pleased ! Everything from the appetizer , drinks , to the main course was delicious . We also received great service !
It had a really cute theme and the customer service was amazing ! I tried the creme brûlée with boba and I thought it was pretty good
Really enjoyed this place . The blueberry pancakes were really good , and the Champion cakes looked amazing . Really generous portions and the biscuits , of course , were fabulous .
If you like Mediterranean food this is the place . This place is like going to Subway . Except this place your getting heathy Quality food . Excellent customer service . Will repeat ! !
Very helpful staff and decent prices from what I saw . Parking is a problem , the lot is small so your going to have to park on the street , either Ali Baba or Dean Martin .
Street tacos and happy hour atmosphere is something we will come back for . Music was great and our servers were cool to talk to and very friendly .
Great For Breakfast . . everything I have ordered , . . Throughly enjoyed . . Omelets , Popeye is delicious Butter is my favorite , when I am in Scottsdale , AZ . A True Foodie
Terrific food ! some of the best barbecue ever - this is a must go to place . And no , you don ' t have to take your clothes off as you enter the door !
Just had dinner at mangos it was delicious this is real Caribbean food The drinks were amazing appetizers were delightful and the entrées were delicious this is my new spot
I love lamb chops ! The dinner service was great . Very well presented . We were here for valentine ' s and we truly enjoyed ourselves . It was romantic : )
Best doctor ! I have to move to North Carolina and I hope I get as lucky as I did with Dr . Bakerink . . . . . Thank u so much
We found this place on Yelp and were NOT disappointed . There was a wait , lots of people . . . well worth it ! Food was yummy , music was awesome and service was above par !
Nice clean big gym . From sleds to TRX they have it all . I love this gym ! It ' s my favorite and go to gym .
The best customer service , great design , and quality custom cabinets at the best price in town .
I have coming here for the past 25 years . Always great ! Monday night ribs and chicken noodle soup , daily steak sandwich special , chicken franchese , and linguine & clams are some of our favorites .
Love the fish and chips . This time the fish was a little over cooked . The Pit burgers were good . The fries were OK
this east coast snob proclaims the chinese food I ' ve tasted out here and the sushi is also very good . They ' ve never messed up an order . I love them
My baseball team went here for lunch . They claim the hottest fast food employee in the nation works here . It ' s worth taking a look . # GPH
Slow night so I decided to check it out . A couple of stages all around . It ' s bigger than I thought from the outside . Probably more girl customers than guys . Weird .
I recommend the Torta Cubana and their carne asada tacos . Don ' t go between the hours of 11 : 36am and 12 : 10pm since that ' s when the high school kids go and eat .
Maria was very friendly & helpful . She colored & cut my hair . Love my hair color & style . I highly recommend Lulys Hair Salon for your next cut or color ! !
The Montreal smoked meat sandwich and the pastrami sandwich was delicious . Definitely coming back for more .
Been coming here for a few years now & wouldn ' t trade it for the world ! ! Awesome service but most importantly AWESOME ICE - CREAM
We eat here once a week . Service GREAT , Food AMAZING , Value PHENOMENAL . For a wonderful meal with nice atmosphere make sure you visit .
OMGGG the greek fries are to die for ! The food and service is wonderful ! I live about 40 minutes away and I find myself making the drive a few times a month .
My boss needed a tractor and the Paclease department was very helpful in bailing us out of a tight situation . Thumbs up to them for their help with this stressful issue .
My favorite place to get bubble tea in the area - I especially love the variety of toppings you can get .
Food was very good and satisfying . Paradise oysters were very fresh tasting . The hostess and servers were very pleasant and friendly .
They were super flexible with some scheduling issues I had they are incredibly reasonable they have tons of experience grooming cats and they ' re centrally located .
Friendliest service I have ever experienced in my life and it went along with great food , i had the meatloaf and it is something ill be coming back for !
Julie did a great job with my French manicure ! ! ! She was super fast , but her work was quality . KLC is my new spot in Madison , WI ! ! !
Great place with a dog friendly patio . They use mostly local food and beer . Keep up the great work Travis .
11 miles of singletrack mountain biking and the trails are always taken care of . I will say you must have a decent bike and also theres a good RC Car track there as well
The N / A beverages are fantastic ! I love the kaya juice . I had the black been and pineapple quesadilla and it was amazing !
Excellent moving company . Flexible , showed up on time , efficient hard working employees , great communication , services were as promised at at a great price .
Excellent food , great price , excellent atmosphere ! Beer and wine to compliment our meal at an affordable price ! Very comfortable and welcoming atmosphere !
I hate barbecue and this place is amazing . When my parents were helping me move in , we went three nights in a row
i don ' t know about world hunger , but this solved my hunger . this pizza DOES NOT TASTE LIKE CARDBOARD . Try for yourself .
Show was very good had a little of everything iam very picky on shows thought it was very funny I will be going back to see it
Brought them 4 knives that have been heavily neglected , 1 of them even had 2 chips on the blade . 1 day and only $ 15 later the knives were better than new .
Jenny did a great job ! Appointment ran as scheduled . They are very nice ! Love my nails !
OUTSTANDING great crab legs , clean and beautiful . Will be back .
Cute little spot across the street from Nami , tried their tofu sandwich , I would want to come again and try more things to judge the food but the sandwich I had was pretty good .
Because of the cheap price factor I am giving this 5 stars . Great place for a cheap date if you ' re poor and want to cover the bill . The food is VERY good .
Needed several sandwiches in a short time frame for a company meeting . The Subs crew jumped all over it and I was able to meet my deadline . Excellent service to go along with their excellent food .
Absolutely loved the patio . Probably one of the best " hidden " spots in Roncesvalles . Organic beer options on draft and a good crowd . Definitely more than what I expected and would definitely go back .
Such a cute spot to stop in for a quick treat . Not cheap , but worth the extra every now and then .
Best Mexican food in the east valley ! ! The service is great . They just moved to bigger and also nicer location . I highly recommend it .
Thank you Hannah . . my hair feels amazing . Excited for the future growth of my lovely locks . .
The prix fix is great value and very generous portions . Enjoyed the food and the service .
.
I had a full set of nails put on two weeks ago . Place was very clean , nice atmosphere and very friendly staff . I definitely recommend this placs
These dogs could not be any better . Absolutely fantastic ! had the jumbo and the brat . Both were AWESOME ! Great potato salad and onion rings too . I will be back .
Great lounge area and coffee bar . Good service and I appreciate the loaner cars when I stop in for regular service .
This place has to be my favorite neighborhood mexican food joint . The service and food are always great . My favorite dish is the cheese enchiladas .
Great AYCE ! ! ! ! They ' re very efficient and kind ! ! I went with my girlfriends and we loved ! ! Good price ! ! Taste food .
Ward , I ' m worried about the Thirsty Beaver . Love , June
Everything delicious , had the california taco , crispy Avo taco , Baja taco , street corn . Satisfied my cravings
Took less than 2 hours . Quick and courteous service . Brought my wife ' s car in for 5 windows to be tinted . She loves the job they did . I would definitely recommend them .
I go to this store to send pkg and every time I go they are always nice and helpful and thank you for all the good job .
Had the carne asada burrito and it was huge and delicious . Extra tasty with the red and green hot sauce . And it ' s open 24 hours !
I absolutely love this place . Great Thai food and great atmosphere . I ordered the Basil noodles and panang curry and it went really well together .
Best dive bar in Vegas , go when there are bands , prices are good and ambience is perfect ! The bartenders make you feel like home !
Reminds me so much of Japan ! The carbonara udon was super yummy and the mini katsu was a perfect size ! 10 / 10 recommend this place : )
This is my first experience with Thai food and I am absolutely hook . I wish there was a location closer .
Hands down the best barbeque and burger joint in that area and arguably one of the best in the nation . The line could get long but it is worth it !
The new restaurant is first rate - gorgeous interior , great service , great food . Very busy , great atmosphere .
Love this place . The food is always on point and I know I ' m only putting good nourishment in with their organic selection . Would highly recommend ! ! !
Really a great find ! So fresh and affordable . . . the monkey bread ( I think they call it that ) was delicious and amazing . Also , the pepperoni bread is great .
Super clean , well stocked and friendly helpful staff ! If Barbara is there you will receive A + + service . Plenty of computers to use and print out docs .
Great little spot with diverse beer selection and friendly bartenders who are completely competent to point you to the right brew for your tastes . Perfect atmosphere for an after work wind down or per - dinner drinks .
Amazing place ! ! ! The food is wowwwwww The place clean ! ! And the service is the best !
Absolutely love this place . Espresso is smooth and food is great ! We are here probably 5 times a week for espresso . Service is excellent always . The sunrise drink is very good .
Great food , fresh ingredients and absolutely amazing , friendly service . An overall great experience . I would recommend it to all .
Love the red curry . Not a fan of drunken noodles because there is egg in it . Definitely my favorite for curry though .
Friendly staff and great food , huge thank you to the chef and driver for being so understanding
Came here for the first time yesterday and am loving my tan ! No streaks or random spots on feet or hands ! Thanks again Mary ! ! !
Very good price performance . Clean environment . Food well prepared . Surprised by the menu when come in with 12 . 99 thanksgiving holiday menu . Worthy the drive from the strip to here .
My skin has broken out pretty badly . Not used to the Arizona weather . A friend was kind enough to refer . In just two weeks my skin is almost completely clear ! ! Happy !
Love the food , good service , easy to park . Kobideh was great , very home made style food , fresh bread , overall loved it .
I absolutely love this restaurant . Great food and awesome staff . Thai hot The menu has a great options . Mad Dog
Excellent service as I was passing through and needed immediate service . Professional and my gel nails lasted 5 weeks ! Very kind
been there once a few months ago for happy hour , enjoyed our cocktails & especially the malbec wine . we had 2 appetizers , the goat cheese one was good . can ' t wait to go back
WOW ! ! ! I wished , I could had ordered one of everything . This place is soooo good that I get boxes of pastries to take back home .
Very pleased with this place me and my chick loved it so much cheaper than Benihana with the same exact quality plus ohjah sushi is Way better
Best service I ' ve had from subway in a long time . The shift leader was awesome . Easily the best around town . Will be going to this one even though one is closer to my house
Great service ! Very fast , informative and very professional . Came in from out of town and needed a quick oil change and got in and out in 25 mins .
the benidicts here are great . the quesadilla is fantastic too . i love eating here after making some money at the tables
Friendly staff . I miss McDonalds . Stupid diet . I snuck in and had a double cheeseburger . Don ' t tell my wife .
Loved the food . Divinely tasty . So good to have fois gras after living in the ban by California . The service was superb .
Fixed my Subaru several times and I will definitely be back . Great work , very reasonable prices , and great customer service .
3 letters . O . M . G . You guys and girls made my fiancé birthday dinner hard to top . Thank you
Great little place near Fremont Street / Downtown . Natural ingredients and friendly service . Do yourself a favor and stop in for a bite !
Best boba I ever had . The staff recommended me the Okinawa , Amazing ! ! ! ! ! Definitely coming here again
Tried sofran mixed platter . Awesome combination of lamb and chicken . Don ' t forget to try baklava . Best of best baklava I have ever tried and got take away for desert
Always get the Macedonia / Mazatlan has mangos and strawberries with vanilla or strawberry ice cream so yummy ! ! ! Love this place
By far the best bagels I ' ve had in the valley ! You won ' t be disappointed ! I highly recommend odelay bagels .
Nice little new spot on Bloor & Ossington . Menu is small but not overwhelming like other Pho spots . We had the Chao & Pho Bo . . both were very tasty !
Always a good time ! ! ! Worth the wait . Always . Service is impeccable . I do not look elsewhere for kbbq and suggest this spot to all the visitors . Hit it up .
Friendly staff , modern technology , quality products and AMAZING Doctors . . . what more could you ask for in a family - friendly Optometric office ? ! ? !
The produce was very fresh and staff was very friendly . I highly recommend this for a quick lunch or light dinner .
First time here and I had a pleasant experience . I love my nails ! I got a gel manicure , definitely will be back .
I came here following my favorite hairstylist Briana , it ' s a great new place ! I ' m definitely coming back !
I love this place ! Vivian and Kim treated me with such kindness ! The prices here and the service are AMAZING ! ! !
I loved this show . If you like the movie then you ' ll love this show . The cast was funny . The musical numbers were fun . I recommend this to anyone visiting Las Vegas .
The food is very good and the staff is very friendly . Try their macaroon and taste sonething delicious .
Niecy was awesome ! I got an express pedicure and manicure in an hour . I booked online and it was very simple . The salon is really nice inside . I will definitely come back !
The Tuscan dish was fabulous ! ! ! The eggs were perfectly poached and the ham was seasoned and cooked beautifully . We enjoyed our meal very much !
Oh I love Panera Bread ! I ' m having the Strawberry Chicken Salad ! Yum and the chicken dumpling soup ! Their desserts are yummy and BIG ! The prices are resonable and the portions big
New place . Service was great . Was able to get a reserved table . Reasonably priced . Good meat marination . Definitely plan to be back .
I would suggest Sambucas for brunch . Great value given the quality of food and the portions . I would suggest their Eggs Benedict , Eggs Natasha and French Toast .
# 1 place in plaza midwood . Will take some time to sit down most days , but for me that speaks for how bomb the food is . Once you eat it you will understand . A +
F ' ing delicious . . . everything ! Don ' t let the shanty look fool you . Follow your nose my friends !
Taco spot in Chinatown ? AMAZING . The tacos were fresh , service was awesome , appetizers were delicious . If you ' re in Montreal , this is a must - eat - at place !
Awesome place to walk , hike , explore , and run a 5K ! The emergent tower and canopy walk are excellent and the staff is very friendly and helpful !
I ordered the chicken pesto as a wrap and a side salad with honey lime cilantro dressing . The food was great overall , but the honey lime cilantro dressing was fantastic ! Great stop for lunch !
The real deal in cheeseburgers , fries and onion rings . Real food - if you love great burgers you ' re going to love Bings
Every time we come here the bartenders are so sweet and nice and make the best drinks . The all you can eat mussels are amazing . This time Aaron is cheerfully getting us buzzed ! !
Nice clean shop . Lynn did my nails , awesome fill and gel polish . Perfect ! Lushes lemon pedicure was amazing ! ! ! Recommend ! ! !
My doggie has never been more comfortable being groomed till meeting Lori Fun clean place
The food here is really good quality ! No need to go down to Bloor as much now . Friendly , polite service as is usual in sushi restos .
Very conveniently located . Enjoyed our food every time we visited Vegas . I prefer their desi cuisine though . Kuki is very friendly and offered us a great service . Will definitely come again .
Christopher is the best ! Wonderful to work with and happy to design our wedding rings exactly how we in visioned them . Was very helpful and not overbearing or salesy .
Nasira was so friendly I just opened an acct she as so sweet . This is my new favorite bank . The place is clean and everyone so nice
Love those dim sum here . . . Yum and looks good good good ‼ Definitely it ' s a good place and highly recommend ! !
Betty is great . My husband went to her after he pulled his back . He could barely walk . After one treatment with Betty , he was able to walk like normal that very night !
So good ! Tried it on a whim and I am so glad we did . Great food and super nice people ! Definitely will go back !
I love this place ! Gang ga ree is yumma dumm dumm !
I get the Chinese donuts . I don ' t know why they are so mind blowing but they are just amazing ! ! ! ! ! I recommend trying them if you have a sweet tooth : )
I have been going to this place for decades and its always a nice experience . They are quick and the bagels are delicious . They have lots of variety to choose from including spreads .
Beautiful little spot tucked away . Find it and you will be delighted by the fresh food and impeccable service . The bread took me right back to Paris ! I will be back .
A very fun show with spectacular singing and dancing . The intertwining plot is somewhat confusing and difficult to follow , but the talent makes up for it .
Les Tapas japonais les plus délicieux accompagné de cocktails parfaitement dosé et pour pimenter encore plus ma soirée , une tournée de Saké - bombe # meilleureinventiondumonde Une place parfaite pour célébrer accompagné de ses amis ! ! !
I ' ve had a lot of work done here on my 2003 Honda civic . They have taken good care of me for years and always give me the best deals .
My family were staying at the Encore . Very good food and service was excellent went for breakfast . Had the Kale Scramble it was very tasty . I will eat here again .
Excellent food , Thursday night ( service industry night ) had good music and a 9pm - closing happy hour . Service was also very good , definitely a place I will visit again in Vegas
We often use code red for all of our emergency plumbing needs and the have been wonderful and professional every time ! I highly recommend their services to anyone
Nice little Portuguese bakery . You will your staples , breads , tarts , deli and coffee . Tiny and at the a corner street . Good homemade goodness .
Amazing service , friendly , efficient , and honest . I ' ve been to other mechanics and hands down this is the most honest and caring place you could go to get your car taken care of .
Went for a friends birthday and had a blast ! The show was fantastic and the people in the show even came out after to take pics with everyone ! I would see it again .
As an update , dark chocolate milk shake + french fries for the win ! ! !
Picked up food on the way home from work . I got the Pastrami sandwich and zucchini fries it was so good !
Fantastic place . Very consistent . Very friendly staff . A gem in an otherwise desolate area for restaurant choices . Great chicken parm and pasta dishes . Careful attention to detail . Family favourite .
Consistently amazing with every dish I ' ve had . I ' ve been going to Siam since I was a little kid and still frequent this lovely gem !
Awesome little dive bar , great juke box , great service , great atmosphere . Been coming here since 1996 . Five Stars .
Best bang for you buck ! Lobster grill cheese , and get your fries changed to loaded lobster fries and your food to go !
Excellent dinner experience . Server was Ty . TVs everywhere and modern music . Recommend the cheese bites and my burger and fries was pretty good .
Becca , huge thanks today ! ! Best haircut ever ! See you in 2 - 3 weeks . Always a great place .
Great breakfast . Will definitely be coming back ! Can ' t wait to try the lunches . kimber my waitress was amazing . She made the experience all that much better . Hope to see her again !
Really great coffee and amazing breakfast sandwiches ( with secret ingredients ) . The owner , Justin , is friendly and takes a lot of care and pride in the preparation of his food and drinks .
Love the vibe of this place . Great service and the food was amazing . Really enjoyed this place . Reminded me of True Foods , very fresh and yummy Beet salad highly recommend .
Fast racing and great service thanks to Azy and Dane ! They also offered shuttle service back to our hotel ! ! ! I ' ll be back again for sure !
Food is cheap and delicious , great quality . I would recommend for anyone looking for a delicious ramen spot . Fast service , polite and attentive servers .
I ' m back ! Getting my jeep washed . They do an amazing job ! I recommend everyone to get their vehicles done here !
Hands down best hot dogs in Charlotte . Can ' t go wrong with any of Vic ' s creations . Keep a look out for the weekly special .
Welcome addition to the Northside ! Ramen was great ! ! We also liked the takoyaki . Will be back soon !
I had a really pleasant and fast experience here last weekend . Great price and was literally there for less than an hr . I highly recommend this auto shop .
Our kids had a good experience here . Check in was prompt , front desk staff was polite , Doctor , assistant , and hygienist had good bed side manner . Will continue to come for treatment .
This unassuming place is a gem . Forget the typical brunch crowds , and get some great food and service at Ticoz . Mojitos and great lunch and dinner entrées put this place over the top .
Great service with helpful staff . The empanadas and arepas we ' re delicious . Loved the salsa bar !
Absolutely amazing quality food . The tuna tar tar was exceptional . Pricey but worth it . Very classy and service was great as well .
Went there again last night . Had the clear soup , spicy seaweed salad , salmon lovers delight roll and a spicy mussel role . All outstanding .
Yummy pizza , fast and inexpensive ! $ 3 . 99 for 2 cheese slices and a drink ! Owner and workers were very nice as well
Thank you Bike Barn for your continuedsupport for the Bike MS ! Appreciate your commitmentto finding a cure for this disease !
Small but fully loaded gym . It ' s connected to the ballpark ( north east side ) . Friendly staff , great licker rooms and machines always available and in working order ! My preferred location .
Love their pizza . My favorite place for thin pizza , never get a bad pizza here . The pizza is the perfect serving size for one person and u can add any toppings u want .
I never realy cared for sushi until I visited this place . My favorite is the Ugly Roll with yum yum sauce . The employees are great too .
Hands down the best gyro in town . The homemade pita is amazing and all of the sauces have different delightful flavors . Try the Turkish coffee !
This is our go - to burger and custard restaurant . Very clean , friendly service , including 50 ' s rock and roll .
Always my go to spot when out of town is to find Nektar . I love the menu and the people .
My first time here . I loved it ! Great experience . I will be back . Moderate prices and nice clean inviting atmosphere . I will be back . I love the colors too .
This place is so good ! I got the lemon and raspberry gelato . Loved them both , excellent flavor !
Really fresh . Really tasty . Good price on pitcher beers and they make a great cannoli !
The Greek Pizza is really delicious ! It is so flavorful , with the feta and Kalamata olives , and the crust is perfect and crackery .
Great happy hour . . . . . bufflo chicken tighs great tasting . Stop by before flying back to Dallas
I ' ve been coming here for years and easily the best tortillas and queso in town ! Also love the family atmosphere and quick and friendly service I receive every time I go
Love this place ! Very fresh and well made sushi . I brought my entire family here and they were very polite and welcoming .
I come here almost everyday . I really like them because they are will to put my vitamins in the smoothie . They also take orders my phone and have them ready within 10mins .
Best ladies around ! ! Tanisha is the Queen B ! For brazilian waxes !
Absolutely delicious pizza . I ' ve had pizza in Italy and throughout Europe but this place rivaled them all . Cute outdoor eating area and delicious food . Definitely recommend !
We love bringing our bigger dogs here for baths . It is so much easier to use these facilities , and the staff here is always friendly and helpful !
I haven ' t taken a single bite here that I didn ' t love . The setting is great , the food is delicious , and the service is quick for a busy place .
Love the staff and the service - very attentive . So glad I found Lori , she knows how to cut / shape thick hair !
Fresh house made pastas , awesome cocktails , and festive atmosphere ! Really good . . . will be back for more bolgenaise . . .
I took my wife here for her birthday and it was awesome . Food was great Dianna was kind and the atmosphere was spot on .
First time here . Loved the Chimi and Tamale was amazing . Such happy servers too . We will be back . Oh and husband loved the prices
Best Chinese in town Best prices in town The wait can suck sometimes but it is well worth it , pretty sure it ran by two men so that ' s the reasoning for the wait .
Thank you Fat Freddy ' s for catering our lunch today ! The baked potato bar was a hit ! ! Really tasty & fresh !
Great company ! ! Very reliable and responsible company . They stay on top of everything they do and I would recommend this company to all needing interior work done .
Great food ! Great service ! Great price ! You can ' t go wrong with the Mediterranean style lamb and beef wrap .
If you want a real taste of Korea then this is the place . I have a preference for the bulgogi but other things I ' ve had like pancakes and kimchi are spot on .
Jessica is AMAZING ! She is the best for waxing , facials and massages . Highly recommend the microdermabrasion facial !
I am a Korean and I strongly recommend Korean prime Galbi ! It was amazing ! Also try bulgogi bibimbap . I went to this place 3 times in 5 days .
Dora helped us Today , great customer service . Just fast service location looked clean .
I can ' t say enough good things about Tinashe . I go to her for waxing and she is incredible - makes you very comfortable .
Best Chinese in Charlotte . Get the dumpwings . Great staff friendly service and awesome delivery .
Hollie is the best ! I won ' t take my Bichon Frise anywhere else ! Friendly staff , good pricing - highly recommend !
This is hands down the best place to work . Everyone is warm , inviting and happy to help you find your way . Work for a day and you will stay for years .
I ' ve been to this store 3 days this week couldn ' t really find anything until today this one worker named Guadalupe was very nice and helpful found the perfect dress really enjoyed her service
Amazing wide variety of choices . Always freshly prepared . Professional and considerate staff . Great overall atmosphere and decor .
Love Dutch bros ! ! Such an awesome location in Ahwatukee ! The employee Madison is always so nice when I see her and gives the best drink recommendations !
We really enjoy of having our lunch here . wonderful , from preparation to presentation , very pleasing . We especially enjoyed the special hummus . Thank you .
Professional and did an incredible job ! Highly recommend if you need tv mounted .
Amazing ! Had the buttered lobster roll , it was so freaking good ! Little step in price , but I would buy another ! !
Our doggy Hercules thanks Luxe Pet Hotels for the care and excellent service ! The facilities are nice , staff considerate . . . Wouldn ' t hesitate to bring our dog here next time .
Great place to get a hair cut , great customer service also , my grandson had a wonderful experience
Great pancakes ! Fun place to take little ones so they can run around while you eat and sip coffee .
I ' ve been here a few times . The staff is a delight and the food options are creative . If your looking for tasty food & delicious drinks this is your place !
Best guitar shop in vegas ! Cool venue for music !
If you life Thai Food , you definitely love this place . Awesome Thai Food , Great atmosphere , and Good service
Great local place to go for breakfast . Inexpensive and huge portion sizes . Great service too . Sue is wonderful !
Damn you Fox Restaurant Concepts ! Damn you and your salted caramel pudding ! ! !
Saul is the most awesome waiter . He was super accommodating for our big party . The food was fabulous ! We had a great time and completely enjoyed our time here .
Great food and vibe . Parking can be a pain , but its worth the trip .
Under promised and over delivered . Wow ! That was great service . Wife says flowers are beautiful . She ' s happy I ' m happy .
I really like the Tortilla Soup and the Wiqui Waqui Chicken Salad™ . I also love the atmosphere . Great place to hangout out with friends or take the family for a rather inexpensive yet wonderful dining experience .
I have nothing to say about this restaurant Amazing food and service just awesome Specially careaccio is so yummy
Excellent restaurant ! ! ! First time and not the last . Amazing food , great service and lovely ambiance . I loooove the music : )
Good service and food is delicious . Been there many times they are so hospitable . The beef is the best
I took this class because with intense studying i didnt feel like i will pass , i learned new tricks and techniques to study the content . A must have review for people struggling to pass nclex
Came for lunch on a Saturday afternoon . Quick service , very friendly , burger and fries tasty !
Me and my husband wanted to try new coffee place in our neighbourhood , and it turned out awesome , it had best coffee and nice french style breakfast options . Croissant & egg is my fav
This is a great place . Tasty food with new flavors . Spring rolls are amazing . Make sure you are up for an adventure if you choose the " adventurous " level of spicy .
My husband and I took the CCW class . John was an amazing instructor with a passion for teaching . We will definitely recommend to friends and will be back soon !
Being from Chicago Good food is hard to fine . I have had the Italian beef sandwich , the egg plant , linguine , and the veal all very good . great atmosphere and phenomenal bread
The eggs Benedict are delicious . Lemony hollendaise covering perfectly poached eggs bacon and asparagus on a croissant . Yum !
We visited today for the first time and we were pleasantly surprised . The food was great and so was the service . I ' m only sorry I didn ' t take pictures .
Great value for airport food , nice tender whole chicken pieces , real veggies , good spices , tasty salsa and generous portions make the chicken fajita rice bowl a winner my in my book .
Friendly staffs . Many options for toppings and sauces . Healthy choice for lunch and dinner . The most delicious Poke in town !
Brunch unbelievable spicy scrambled basket of delight muffins grits and a great margarita all so well prepared and presented very tasty tasty wow go now but didn ' t see Bobby Flay anywhere
It was super yummy I have the Gyro and fries we have the shrimp scampi we have the factory hummus of the zucchini fries everything was super yummy I was very tasteful and we deathly go back again
Absolutely amazing ! Huge slices for a reasonable price . Great weekend steal after a night out .
This is a staple for my family . We come here at least once a week . Always have incredible service and you won ' t find fresher sushi ! ! ! !
Great food and service ! For sure coming back next time I ' m in town ! The short ribs and garlic shrimp were awesome ! ! !
We have the ten course dinner tonight . Food are amazing , even better than HK . The best is pigeon . Services are first class . Will come back next year from Houston .
The Dom Kha was delicious , the mangos and sticky rice just like I remember it from Thailand . Reasonably priced , too . We ' ll be back .
Absolutely fantastic ! The food was amazing and the staff was very friendly and helpful .
Accommodated our group of 14 and great fast service with good food . Can ' t beat that ! Ordered drinks for free for writing review .
This place makes the best pizza in my neighborhood . I have never been disappointed in the food .
The food is always 0n0 Nice Prices & Big portions The Fresh Poke is my Favorite Thank you Lo , today the poke was extra 0n0 & Spicy . Yummy in my Tummy
Fantastic food , awesome patio . The only thing I can say negative about this place is the parking is a little inconvenient .
Certainly there is no better sushi in the Cleveland area . You also cannot beat their prices for the quality !
Went here for first time last week as an early New Years Eve dinner . Had the Chicken Parm and it was amazing plus the portions were huge !
Their Rib Eye is GODLY . The meat tastes like that they slaughtered the cow 3 mins ago outside , fresh and godly , unbelievable
Greatest pizza ! I only get my pizza from here and at least once a week . So delic that I ' m writing a review . . . when ordering go " Indian style " .
Patty , your therapy was instrumental in getting me back to my love - trail running . Thank you so much !
The food was great . Presentation excellent . Will be back . Sushi rolls were tasty . Had a Sapporo beer and desert too . Great looking place .
Great service and the steak was awesome ! It ' s beautiful inside . Has a smooth relaxing feel to it . Dim lights and music . Would highly recommend ! !
Yummy , amazing , fun for the entire family ! ! Part of the fun is watching them make the ice cream with liquid Nitrogen .
Under new ownership . The new name is Morgan ' s Pizza and Beyond . How does Yelp update this ?
Amazing service ! ! Reasonable price and great quality . After chasing several landscaping contractors and getting ridiculously expensive bids I finally found Rich and his Son at Purchase Green .
Came for the fish fry and loved it ! Wait time was much shorter than I was told . Service was great . The ambiance is also very nice . I will definitely come back again .
Great Location . Girls are very nice . Ask for Kyle , I go once every six weeks and she has never done me wrong . Personable , fast and does a nice job .
Close to my house and always quick and easy to get in / out . Great food , friendly staff .
Robert on the late night shift was very friendly . Thanks man
Love the new building . Wyatt is Tacotastic ! ! He was so nice to us and greets every person with a charming smile . 10 / 10 would recommend .
This is a great place to grab drinks and some great pizza . The service was awesome too !
Robin did a really great job and made me feel really comfortable ! I would recommend her and would definitely come back if i lives in the area !
This place is awesome ! I highly recommend the sushi . Love the shrimp tempura and spicy yellowtail roll . The rolls are large I can only eat one . Ps . The Uni is to die for !
Just want to say that you ' ll never encounter someone that cares so much about her customers , like Vivita .
A tile & carpet cleaning company owned by a veteran & employs veterans . Excellent experience , super professional . My carpets turned out great . Good job on my travertine tile too .
This place is awesome ! ! . . make sure to ask for Jin ! ! . . so hard to find kbbq open 24 / 7 these days but I ' m glad we did ! !
Totally enjoyable , every person that I have taken here is forever a fan of Honey Pig ! The Beef Brisket and Bulgogi are sooooooooooooo good ! ! !
I love this location Always the best selection . The crew is always welcoming and so helpful !
We moved to the area a few months ago and have been looking for a quality shop for an oil change . We found it and will definitely be back . Quick and friendly service ! !
The crab dip appetizer was totally awesome . The cooks made very good burgers . Our drinks were totally amazing . The best part of our experience was our waitress Lexi . She was very nice and courteous .
BEST PLACE TO GO FOR WINGS ! A reputable service of integrity . Friendly and all - round a great restaurant for delivery , dine - in , and to go . Love this place .
This place is gorgeous , love the place love the service , fun atmosphere . The prices are right The menu is healthy Recommended
Marcey was lovely ! While there i have seen some extensions instalation and it looked AMAZING wow .
A + + + + . Great quality great survey . Very affordable . Beef tartare is amazing . Also the beef short ribs . I like how they are open late .
Brian is back ! Breaktime is coming back ! Great customer service . Clean looking store and prices are great .
Thank you Roses Today LV . You delivered to my friend when other closer florists would not . You were also pleasant and professional to work with . Thank you .
Went here for the first time today and had the best customer service ! Their Okinawa Milk Tea was soooo good !
This is my favorite place to get sushi in Charlotte . Incredible menu with great prices .
Yummy , bean and cheese burritos ! ! My sister said the taco salad was delicious . Fast and friendly service . Very clean restaurant .
I ' ve been twice now and it is great . This time I had the tamales which certainly are not traditional tamales but they were excellent .
This was a mouth watering experience one of the best steaks l have ever sunk my teeth into
BEST MOD pizza I ' ve been too ! They are friendly , quick , and very observant to their customers . I would drive out of my way to come here .
Best BLT in town ! All their food is really good : fresh , tasty , homemade , and a much bigger selection than you would expect .
You ' ll never want another burger after you try this place . My mouth is watering just thinking about it .
Ask for Carlos . Best shave I ' ve ever had . 7 hours later my face felt the way it does immediately after I shave myself .
Must have Posole ! . . . Posole Pozole who cares this is legit ! You can always count on a great dinning experience at the Vig .
Otro cafe is easily the best Mexican restaurant I ' ve EVER eaten at . The consistency from order to order , dish to dish , through the entire wait staff is effortlessly top notch !
Love it here ! The pizza is great ! Nice and greasy lol ! Still love it ! Drinks were great . Had a Malibu and pineapple just right ! Thanks Fernando ! ( The bartender )
The store impressed me by how clean and neat it was and sales persons greeted and said " bye " when I walked in and out . Very pleasant and friendly atmosphere inside .
My husband ' s favorite lunch place . He had his lunch there everyday for the past two weeks . I tasted pasta once . Really good !
This is probably the best bar food around . The onion rings are amazing and the chicken strips are probably the best I ' ve ever had . Juicy and tender with excellent batter
Really great food and experience ! First time and was more than impressed . The special yam roll was amazing !
I had the sourdough waffles and strawberries and cream and my mom had the smoked salmon platter " gralex " I think . . Just perfect .
We love Cori and Girls Golf of Phoenix ! Our daughter cherishes all the opportunities it has given her and she loves representing this sport ! ! !
Get the club sandwich that starts with a " B " . It ' s great ! ! Cheese fries are great too !
Love this Pei Wei . They give you good portions and its always hot , fresh and tasty !
The Tuna Melt was absolutely incredible . Best I ' ve ever had .
Awesome place ! Service was a little slow but we went when it was packed so I can ' t complain . Definitely recommend going .
Love this grocery store . Best place in the city to buy fresh rabbit in my opinion . Great produce . Good selection of imported goods .
Love this place . Always friendly . Good food and they remember I don ' t have cheese on my salads .
Hakkasan ! ! ! This food is sooooo good ! ! Bartenders are great ! Pretty close to canton food ! ! Authentic with a twist ! Thank you Hakkasan
Great place . Food was fresh , bartender was on top of it . What more can you ask for ! ? !
I ' m from Chicago visiting a supplier . No BS hands down the best restaurant I ' ve ever visited . If you want authentic , passionate food , different tastes holy shit this is the place !
We have been taking our vehicles here for years and always get honest responses . We refer all of our family and friends to Tommy and his team . We will be back as always .
Love this bakery ! They made a four leaf clover 30th birthday cake for me that was delicious and beautiful ! Cupcakes , muffins , brownies . . . everything that I have tasted has been excellent !
Extraordinarily delicious ! Great service . Honored a couple special requests regarding food prep . The dish was served to my personal absolute perfection ! Strongly recommend the Thai iced coffee .
Love Guerlain ! ! So happy that they carry one of my ultimate favorite fragrances Spirituese Double Vanille ! ! They will also ship !
The blue berry bubble tea and white peach oolong tea are my favourite ! This bubble tea cafe is cool : )
Great experience and excellent customer Service . Did read served quickly and a nice place to hangout especially for people who work around the area .
Holy . Pasta . This place has amazing food . Both of the dishes we ordered were amazing , and didn ' t break the bank . What a great find !
Meat lover ' s paradise . . best steak I ' ve had in toronto .
Food was delicious , service was great , felt like i was back home . My hubby was in heaven eating the Filipino food ! We ' ll be back ! ! !
Love getting my nails done here , especially by Jenny .
Try the Yo Hala French toast ! Very good and worth every penny . Friendly staff and fast tasty food .
This is one my favorite Starbucks to come to ! The people here are so welcoming and friendly , Eddie is the person to go to if you ' re looking for great cup of coffee ( :
It ' s a nice atmosphere and delicious food ! The bathroom is definitely a must see , you would never expect it .
Generous serving , fresh , well flavored open fry bread was a pleasant surprise . I ' ll happily be a repeat customer .
Fantastic ! Loved the lamb rice bowl . Was delicious . This is definitely our new Greek place . Service was great also . Very nice people .
I absolutely love this place ! ! ! Its so fun trying all the taste bud popping flavors ! ! The service is also A +
Great food ! Wonderfully small and manageable portions reminded of eating in Europe ! Highly recommended ! ! !
Great neighborhood bar that ' s laid back with great food ! Good drink specials . . TVs and Juke box . . excellent service !
Yen is the best ! ! ! ! This is the only place i go to ! She does a great job the best in Las Vegas ! !
beautiful inside and great service try the burger with peanut butter it sounds weird but so good
This place is amazing ! I used to live in San Diego and this place reminds me of the great Vietnamese restaurants on the west coast . Their broth is legit and so good !
Can ' t say enough about the positive energy in this office ! Great staff and my hygienist , Tasha was so fantastic .
I like this location better than the Atwood location . It is smaller and feels like you ' re eating in a house but the flavors are great and tasty ! Not great for larger groups .
Best sushi in Vegas . . . . . Service is great . Would highly recommend it . Best rainbow roll .
An amazing place ! Best pedi I ' ve ever had ! Highly recommend this place . Great service and a friendly staff ! Will definitely be coming back !
Amazing cute place . Always busy . Must haves pad Thai ! yellow rice and red curry make sure to get a side of roti ! ! They have vegan chocolate cake and coconut ice cream
My go to taco place downtown . I ' m obsessed . Literally loved single food choice I have made .
First time here , it ' s restaurant week . . . 3 corse meal for $ 33 bomb ass food great price . Lovvvve the decor ESP the chandeliers , verrrry pretty ! ! !
So many options and super good food ! Especially the vegan options ! ! And the people are super nice and attentive
This place is the Best place for breakfast . The food is of the highest quality . Combine this with the service , this the best I restaurant for a home made meal .
We enjoy coming here for lunch . The food is fresh and delicious . Plus the market area has all the spices we need . Plus we try new things all the time .
Great service , very friendly staff . It was a great spot for lunch with a friend ! I would definitely take my significant other back here for dinner too .
Excellent dining experience ! Maria at the bar was attentive and provided great service !
Very authentic Chengdu cousin . De ja vu all over again !
If you like Tex - mex , stay away . Ceviche anyone ? Tripe ? Their Al Pastor game may be the best in town . Muy , muy Bien !
# 7 Turkey and Prov forever ! Love that sandwich , and of course , Mikes Way . Kills any other franchise sandwich .
The two gents that showed up moved fast and were very kind . They even worked around the cleaning crew we had there . I ' d use POG Movers and Helpers again .
Favorite drink : fresh banana slushie with 1 scoop fresh taro mixed in and 1 scoop fresh taro on top . No added sugar .
Great little spot . The waitress was very friendly and the place was extremely clean and tidy . The fish was also relatively fresh . Recommended !
Wow ! Good food , clean , server really friendly . I love seafood , crab legs just my favorite .
Had the charbroiled fish taco again last night and again it was absolutely awesome ! A hearty fresh fish taco .
I crave their sandwiches in my sleep . Great beer selection . Little market makes you feel like you ' re in New York or Chicago .
Perfect . Amazing . The best Cesar salad ( with caviar ) , the best duck , steak , dessert . . . Super cute space . The whole team does an excellent job .
What a wonderful little bakery with great food and awesome owners . It is truly an Arizona gem ! The lemon cream hand pie is to die for !
Amazing stay ! Staff was so nice . The breakfast was exquisite . The beds were extremely comfortable . Shower ' s water pressure was also awesome . Tv channel selection and wifi strength was perfect .
Love this place . Close to my house , reasonably priced and everything have tried on the menu has been delicious . My favorite is the Tacocombo , Carne asada burritos are awesome .
Highly recommend ! Great experience with excellent Korean BBQ . We got the combo for 2 and there was enough food for 4 .
Very nice employees and will go out their way to make sure your happy with your order . Good is very Delicious we need it in Houston , tx .
Had a Great meal ! Vary small place but the service and Food out way anything ! I will make this a regular Spot Awesome guys ! Thanks Open Table for the Choices . . .
Best corned beef on the west side , hands down . This is a take - out counter and full service deli , not a restaurant .
Amazing service and food ! I wish the menu had more to offer , but our meals were incredible . A perfect date night .
Soooo yummy ! ! And Carlos is a treat ! We had the enchiladas , empanadas and chipotle soup - - all delicious ! We can ' t wait to go back or order for a party !
First time here . The staff was supper helpful . You can ' t go wrong here . Really great !
One of my favorite Sushi spots in Charlotte . Always fresh , great prices , and environment ! The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable !
Just joined EOS and I absolutely love it ! Kristina and Sarah are wonderful my trainer Albert is extremely motivating and my parents love him too !
This place is great ! ! ! ! ! Don ' t miss the Grilled Shrimp tacos !
Love this store ! It ' s so much fun to shop and hunt for great deals . I buy everything from clothes to home goods to dog food here . Wonderful store .
Super friendly staff & atmosphere , super clean ( " A " health code posted on door ) , great food and great prices . Navajo tacos were really good , fry bread is excellent .
Super tiny and cute they have a hallway you can take sharpie to and write your name ! The food is delicious and the price is great as well as the service ! Highly recommend ! !
It is pricey here but the view and entire facility is lovely . I enjoy coming here for special occasions only due to the price .
Absolutely fantastic product ; the grapefruit is amazing . Exceptional good service every time I ' ve been there too .
Super friendly staff and yummy snow cones ! The snow is super soft and the flavors they have are endless .
Beautiful location , great staff , delicious food and pretty damn good coffee . I found my new favorite spot ! !
Great happy hour ! The chalupas were huge and delish . Their carnitas street tacos were succulent and flavorful . Service was impeccable as well .
This place was literally amazing . Went back the next day cause we couldn ' t stop thinking about the eggs Benedict .
Delicious fish tacos ! ! ! I had the bbq mahi and wahoo tacos . Very tasty corn salsa and spicy avacado pasta salad too !
Ever since I ate here , I ' ve been craving it ! dishes range between $ 15 - $ 23 but def worth every penny !
Definitely a family favorite ! They have the best hot sauce , salsa and chips . Their shredded beef is so flavorful ! Always friendly and great service ! They even have Dos Equis Amber on draft .
Really great service and tasty food ! The margarita was delicious as well . Will definitely return !
Very , very good . Great atmosphere don ' t let the front entrance fool you . Dumplings are great steamed , highly recommend this restaurant .
Very reasonable price and none of the pesky error messages I get with the Costco refills . Will return for sure !
First thing i look for in a restaurant is their service . Sushi 21 have great customer service and great selections of appetizers and sushi . ill come back here again for ayce .
Great place ! Great lunch specials . I pretty much rotate between the sandwiches , pho and vermicelli noodles . The best spring rolls ! Great people too .
Absolutely exquisite and divine . . . the introductory platters were divine and the meat beyond exceeded my expectations ! I will be back again . . . thanks sooo much !
Awesome ! People are very friendly and laid back . I was able to see wild mustangs and hear about the horses . it was my second time . Very cool .
My favorite restaurant ! Great food , service , and atmosphere ! I go every chance I get . It has been a family favorite for many years .
Great atmosphere ; was quite busy but the service and the waittimes were perfectly acceptable . Everyone in my group had something different and was quite happy . A great addition to the Madison restaurant scene .
Had an awesome time . Adam was great ! Attentive and friendly . Will definitely come back . Thanks fot a great night
Very cool new place . Stopped in for lunch . I had a spicy short rib noodle soup . Carol had a tomato veggie noodle soup
I love everything about this place . Know the food good when you get to your car and you undo your pants and want to take a nap . Try everything
Elvis LOVES this place . Mike is excellent & the rest of the staff is very friendly . Always clean & the prices are reasonable .
Great food . It ' s so nice to have a Kabob option on the East side . Gyros , hummus , kabob . . . . all really good . Try it , you will like it !
Really good job for customer service - especially Bryan and Travis in the PC department .
Delicious veal sandwich . Possibly the best one I ' ve ever had . Mmmmm .
Great food and service ! ! Had the MTO breakfast and it was delicious . It is a huge meal . Come hungry .
My little , big family of 6 come here every so often and I must say the food is delicious . The waitresses we ' ve had are patient with our 2 year old and are very nice .
This baguette place is really good ! So far , everything I have tried was amazing . I need to try their curry quiche next for sure !
Their dishes are delicious and they give you a good amount of serving . They give you refills on Thai Tea as well . Panna Thai also have a great crew .
Very good place ! I love how they take their time and hand wash the car . The people there are very friendly
Drove through the other day for coffee and was complimented on my dress and hair . . . . that seriously made my day and is the reason for the 5 star rating .
Landmark is an Extrodinary education platform for getting into action to make a difference in your life and for others
Service can be slow but it ' s because they are meticulous . They seem to care about their customers and remember you each time . Very clean and neat shop with a ton of color options .
The nail techs do an amazing job and they take there time because they care about the customer and the final product . I would totally recommend this place to anyone who needs a great nail salon !
They actually have authentic Chinese food which tastes amazing . Also their service is wonderful . I do recommend giving this place a try .
I ' ve been going to Dr Brown at Comfort Care Dental Group since I ' ve had teeth ( I ' m in my 30s now ) . Great service and they treat you like family .
We enjoyed a dumpling and Ramon soups . XO noodles were good but spicier than expected . Wait staff was great . Good recommendations and constantly giving attention . We ' d go again !
Great massage , peaceful and quiet ! Would recommended and would come back . Check it out
The meatball sandwich for lunch is everything ! ! ! So good ! Service is super friendly & amazing mocktails : )
Really large menu and amazing yummy large sandwiches - wish I could eat these every day ! You should definitely try it if you ' re reading this and on the fence - worth your time ! ! !
Best place to eat authentic Mexican food . . I cycle all the way from university area to this place once in 2 months and enjoy their food . Everything tastes so authentic .
One of the best pizzas this side of Montreal and a reliable great tasting menu
Great Job Bethany , love my cut and color . Your years of experience and personality are some of the reasons why I will be back .
Great places for moviegoers the games are good the card readers are to finicky for my tastes
The bizness with roasted broccoli , curried chickpeas , and roasted brussel sprouts is AMAZING ! ! ! The tree of life is delish !
This is a first - class hotel excellent service great accommodations the only place to stay in the area .
Service is always on point . The food size is very generous . and the FOIE GRAS is a MUST on any and every steak .
The Best Sushi in the entire valley . Very friendly and helpful I learned how to order sushi here .
Very pleasant nice and facility is clean . Great place in pool area at zero sandy beach pool entry for my kids
A timeless show about the difference between Men and Women . Kevin Burke makes it all seem fresh with spot - on timing and a wonderful stage presence . Not to be missed !
Great florist and awesome selection , highly recommended . One of the best florists in Mississauga and the GTA !
Lorne was amazing . Food was even better . Elk cooked to perfection . Great space . I am very picky and will definetly be coming back .
Favorite place for lunch , best muffins and salads . Favorite server is Charles , he pays close attention to every customer .
It ' s now closed permanently , I was there yesterday . Too bad , I liked their selection of unique fruits especially their cherimoya . I heard they are reopening in Aurora .
The best Filipino food ever . The people here are kind of friendly . Food and atmosphere , music is entertaining . A fun family friendly place .
i ' m obsessed w anything cheese foam related so i love love love this place ! also highly recommend the oreo cheese foam and the brulee boba ! !
Friendly staff , best ambiance to hang out . Fresh food made daily . Worth every penny ! A must try !
Can ' t get enough of this store and can ' t wait for them to open the Monroeville branch . Great prices , great selection and really helpful , repeat , really helpful staff !
We came across this place while touring old Montreal . The panini is great and a warm atmosphere . The service is excellent .
Malees has been around for a long time and for good reason ; ) Great Thai food Order the spicy crispy pla Tropical pineapple Evil jungle princess . Thai iced tea or coffee
Plethora of choices from the cookies to the ice cream . The ice cream sandwiches will have your tastebuds dancing . Staff was nice and the facility is clean . Highly recommend .
1st time and its delicious ! ! Its also healthy and a good serving the rice is yummy .
glad they expanded ! as for a review it is simple , i am going to say this and only this . . . . . best fish tacos in town . . . period
You can ' t go wrong with this restaurant . Always a delicious meal to be had .
My favorite spot ! They are the best . We come once a week . Everyone is lovely and sushi is bomb ! ! !
Definetly one of the best in town . The chef is inspired , and the waiters are the most knowledgeable I ' ve encoutered in this town .
Came for spring training . Staff was friendly both at the gate and in the food area . Very clean . Bathrooms were well kept .
Best place to blow some steam , staff is very friendly and helpful , I had the best experience there so far highly recommend , thank you gun garage see you soon , , , ,
I love the oyshi roll and snow corn I ' ve been a big fan of this place for couple of years and the atmosphere is great I recommend it to everyone !
THE BEST Chinese restaurant in Vegas . Hands down , No comparisons . I feel like I ' m family every time I walk in the door .
Great food and service . Happened in on accident since Z Pizza was closed on the night of the Janet Jackson concert . . . their loss and our gain . Stop by and try them soon
Salted caramel shake was awesome . Their flavors are really good . The mayan chocolate with chilie was great .
Yummy food . Ordered delivery , and everything was hot , fresh and delicious ! The burgers are outstanding !
Awesome breakfast spot ! Fast service , great ambiance and easy access ! It is located in the lobby of the Hyatt and is a great , easy breakfast place in Downtown Phoenix .
We enjoyed the elk stake and wild boar tacos . Bartender very personable . Waitress attentive
First time going in and I absolutely loved it . Everyone was super friendly and Tina was the best ! She did such a great job on my design . I will definitely be back ! !
Rated top 10 sushi for 2014 . This place is always on the " best rated " list . The food and services shows it . This is my favorite place in the valley to go for sushi .
So creamy and delicious . Some staff doesn ' t seem so welcoming but the ice cream is soft and worth it .
Great service ! Was my 2nd time there , 2 different nail techs , both very professional and knowledgeable to my needs . Will definitely return ! ! ! ! ! Thank you !
My go - to dry cleaners . Their turnaround is quick and the owner is very friendly ! and the prices are reasonable .
Great customer service , great ambiance , great food ! Would recommended any day of the week ! ! ! And their delivery service is top notch .
Impressive ambience and food ! The only thing bothered me was the club music they were playing but the food and service was excellent ! Check it out .
Que pero que rico ! Food is amazing . Mi gente hispana , necesitan probar de este lugar . El poyo , arroz , yucca y plátano maduro es lo mejor .
The proprietor is so friendly . They have a terrific selection of smoothies and juices and there is no problem finding out what the ingredients are ! Prices are very reasonable for fresh juice .
This used to be favorite bar in Vegas ! Why did you stop being a Redskins bar ? !
Love Lee Cafe ! ! ! It is even better when they are serving sushi ! Great sushi and great Chinese food ! You really cannot beat their lunch specials .
Delicious gelato and coffee . Get the gelato mixed with coffee ! ! ! Such a delicious surprise .
Found a patio set to compete what I was looking for and it very nice for $ 40 . Will make it a regular stop to see what I can find .
Amazing food always . They never seem to disappoint . Big portions and great prices . Fantastic flavors and textures
Was very fun and messy had lots of fun . Had a pound of Crawfish and a pound of Shrimp .
One of my favorite places to go for breakfast . The food is always great and our server , LISA was amazing .
The Strawberry fields salad is soooo good . The service is amazing . The ambiance is romantic on a cool night out on the patio . I can ' t say enough about this place !
I have a membership here and love being able to get my car washed as often as I please . Screw Scottsdale car wash prices . Road Runner does a great job .
Delicious , flavorful and a perfect blend of spices . The Chicken Biriyani is really tasty !
Dr . Anderson and staff are awesome . Thanks for caring for our fur babies ! !
Great pedicures , second time coming . Loved my full set ! Nice staff , will be coming back for sure !
$ 9 . 99 Smog Check . Airconditioned customer waiting room with complimentary coffee and cold water .
Fantastic restaurant . The pork belly watermelon tacos were unbelievable . It ' s good to see Charlotte restaurants taking it to the next level .
My favorite nail salon in LV , they ' re the best ! ! Ask for TT or LT . Takes great care of your nails !
This is a great restaurant ! Bobby Flays food is much better than Ramsay or the other Vegas chefs . Classy , exceptional service and the food was amazing ! ! !
highly recommended for lunch and dinner , good food and quick service , very attentive and on top of things . good if your looking for a quick place to grab a bite !
This place was awesome , staff and service ensured we enjoyed our stay . Valet staff were quick and efficient . Rooms were cozy and clean , the location is downtown and close to everything .
Amazing ramen and the steamed spam bun was so delicious . I have only been once but I will for sure be going back . I loved the atmosphere staff and the food was to die for .
Very friendly and had everything I was looking for ! Best Eastern European shop . Has food from Macedonia , Bulgaria , Bosnia , Serbia , and Croatia mainly : )
Good experience , come here if you have time ! A break from the strip ! People are so nice here ! I will definitely come back !
Awesome pizza and knots . Good ambiance and the service wasnt good but made up for it in friendliness and humor .
The best thing about this place is that you get to hear other great bands every night .
D - lish ! Great vegan options ! We were super excited to order and enjoy the atmosphere . We sat on the patio , with misters and all . Definitely going back soon .
Great food and great service . I ' ve never had a bad meal here . I will continue to enjoy the great southern style food .
Great food all the way ! Love it ! Friday ' s fish tacos are some Madison ' s best . The staff and service are always friendly and fast .
Delicious and the staff is so friendly . The Online app is so great ! Earn a free sandwich for just checking in and making your usual purchase . More coupons please
I liked it very much . I like the service as well as the food ! the waiters served food very quickly . they quickly cleaned the dirty dishes .
New kids on the block have got it going in and doing it right ! Great menu Wings Great Pork Chops Tasty Ox Tails the BEST !
I could not be more pleased with my experience yesterday . Kevin went above and beyond , to accommodate me . My old chewed - up nails , became beautiful , and I felt like a new person .
This is one of my favorite place to eat . Friendly employees , great service and food always so good .
Good selection of beer . My favorite is the peach ale . Best grilled wings on the planet . Friendly staff . I am never disappointed .
Great little hidden gem . Cindy , the server , is quick and efficient . The clam chowder and the fish tacos were exceptional . Will definitely be back soon .
What a great help J . D was , such great customer service and great work on my car ! 10 / 10 recommendation .
I love this place ! Staff are very friendly , welcoming of questions , and extremely knowledgeable about the most up to date comic books !
Very good food and dogs are allowed on patio . The service was very good and the bread and oil is to die for . I highly recommend trying this restaurant out .
They have the best milkshakes around ! I always get the Chocolate Malt and my hubby gets Peach and we are never dissapointed ! Amazing brownies too !
This place is great ! Ordered for pick and was ready once I got there . Cheap daily special . Why go get a burger when u can eat here .
Great people , great food . Its hard to find vegan pho . I never write reviews but this place deserves several good reviews . A lot of heart in this place .
Good place very clean employees are awesome . Place its big and look nice . I been there a many times and never had any poblems with anything . Breakfast burito are the best !
Best restaurant on the west side , burgers are amazing , great pizza , and very good Italian dishes
My piercing experience with Will was great . Appreciated his questions and his expertise ; and really loving my double helix . His jewelry looked amazing , too ; can ' t wait for this to heal !
Lunch yesterday at the Hob Nob . The Best Secret Sandwich . Aka Grilled cheese with fruit . Fabulous . Good ale also
Great little Greek place ! We are visiting from San Diego and found this little gem . Service was amazing and food was right in point . We will definitely be back next time we are in town .
Best atmosphere of any restraunt I ' ve been too great tropical feel good food lots of seafood options
Definitely different from the San Francisco location . Great decor , ambiance , and delicious . Their cocktails are unique and everything has that fusion flare . Their nightclub is also amazing .
Neighborhood , good food , lots of beers on tab , and specially kid friendly ! ! Winning !
I love this place . Super awesome dive bar . With karaoke !
Delicious ! Great lunch specials . I am obssesed with the green curry , but everything ive had is excellent . Super friendly place .
omg first time i got the leg of lamb do moist and packed with flavor . . and also ordered the petite seafood platter amazing . . . lamb and seafood perfext combo great service too
Everything here was amazing ! I ' ve tried the breakfast croissant , veggie juice , fresh orange juice , and apricot danish . Loved it all and must go back ASAP .
Went here for a gel mani and pedi , techs were nice and engaging . Lots of colors to choose from . The salon looks professional and well sanitized . Ask for Vi , she ' s the sweetest
Nailed it with perfectly cooked rib eye and tenderloin . Shrimp cocktail is great and the prices are good considering that Morton ' s is double the price and inferior quality . Excellent service too .
Great cheap but delicious breakfast spot while staying here for work at The Golden Nugget ! Also a nice option for some good healthy choices !
PHENOMENAL ! ! ! I love that there are so many vegan and vegetarian options . It is DEEEE - LISH !
Excellent falafel , hummus , babaganoush , foul , rice . Great for vegetarians . Great baklawa too . The drinks could be colder on a hot summer day . But overall excellent place .
LOVE Haji - baba ! amazing / fresh food ! love their spices inside as well
First class ! ! Beautiful place to stay , different environment then then the normal Vegas hotel . Staff is amazing and you don ' t have drunks all over the place .
Contact lens for a great price and service , no taxes , and they will help you claim it on your insurance .
Stopped in for an early lunch . Tasty sub and friendly staff . Based on all the locals stopping in for takeout orders , seems to be a pretty well liked spot .
They are all vegan despite the vegetarian tag . I love their lotus salad . Good portion and very freshly made dish .
Love this place . Come here for my sushi cravings . Not AYCE but delicious food and great service .
This place is great ! Reasonably priced and hearty generally natural food . The coffee is really really good for diner coffee .
My van needed an alarm and Access 1 installed it within 1 1 / 2hour . Great customer service . Highly recommended .
The very best Street Tacos . Fresh is the key and these guys know how to do it . Highly recommend
This place reopened a few months back under new management . Have ordered sushi from there a few times as I live only a few blocks away . Very good .
Very smooth process ! Ryan was awesome ! Purchased my first mini van " dad van . " Thanks for the help and exceptional service .
Danielle rocks it ! She is a great stylist and amazing with hair color .
Great local dog park with tons of room for the dogs to run !
Excellent atmosphere and food . Fresh juice and coffee are delicious . Jenn and Megan always have a smile ! ! !
One of the best Delis for the price in town . Good food . Great portions . Club sandwich is worth trying and don ' t forget about the breakfast sandwich .
I have been getting service from dealers . I tried Sun Devil . A terrific option nearby that lets you track your service record on line and has access to your auto manufacturer ' s recommended maintenance schedule .
Been to this location a few times and only sit in the bar area . The food and service are always great . Even when the bar is packed they ' re always on their A game !
Never had this type of food before but it was super good and I also told my friends on Facebook to check it out and told a friend by text we should go .
Went to GFG today for coffee and an Apple Cider doughnut . The shop is adorable and the coffee & doughnut were perfect . Great place to hang out for a couple hours on a weekend morning .
The atmosphere of Heartwood is unlike any other in the area ! Clean and well - designed , it ' s an awesome spot to be inspired while getting work done ! Their iced coffees are soooo good !
As a Korean aficionado , this is the best spot in town . The meats and side dishes are the best in the west .
Great breakfast spot . Don ' t let the bakery cases fool you , the egg dishes were amazing ! I had both the crepes and the veggie burrito and both were incredible ! !
Great food , decent service . I really enjoyed the pork tenderloin with southwestern spices !
Fantastic food , generous portions , a can ' t miss for a Mediterranean / middle eastern food .
I wish I would ' ve found this place sooner ! Everyone here is so friendly and helpful , and I can ' t stop talking about the positive experiences I ' ve had here !
Quickly turning into a regular here for lunch ! I love the food , love the deals ! The location is close to where I work and the company is nice enough . No complaints !
Sean did an excellent job , removed and replaced garbage disposal unit and fixed the leaks on our sink in a timely manner , as far as their plumbing services I ' ll give them five stars !
Wow ! The spicy bulgogi is wonderful and the serving size won ' t disappoint . I ' ll be back , possibly tomorrow !
What fun place to go and great staff . I would suggest this to anyone great prices and nice track .
Great service , price and food . Croissant Benedict was killer . Will be back to this place again . HUGE menu . And for VEGAS ? Normal prices .
The sushi is delish ! So is every dish we have tried ! Every time I call in an order , they have it correct and ready when I come to pick it up .
Super great service will walk you through the process , making it quick and as painless as possible !
The employees here a great ! Food is good like I always expect from Chipotle , but the staff are why I gave this a 5 star instead of 4 .
Awesome ! Did my belly and hand henna last minute ! Great customer service . Sweetest lady
I can ' t say enough about this place , it is my go to for all things southern . Polite , fast service , excellent food and portions what more do u need
Amazing service , and pizza everytime . Never disappointed , and friendly staff that feels like family .
The food was amazing ' I had the stuffed French toast today ! But , somehow my server Nicole was even better than the food . Always my first stop for breakfast after a long flight home !
Sometimes funky , Sometimes bluesy , Always sexy , Ever pure . Love this joint . Give them your money .
Good big campus that is easy to go through . I love this place and the students . Staff is very friendly . Would recommend this place to anyone .
Love that they have Micheladas and the tacos are really tasty . Also the free chips and salsa are on point .
Amazing food , I ordered a fried rice with chicken and shrimp and it was delicious . The attention is really good .
Fair price , great overall quality regardless of what you order , and a dependable boba spot in AZ . Take your friends if they are new to Boba ; the staff are very helpful !
Good food , great atmosphere and Edward absolutely made my night by going all the way to another restaurant to get me marinara sauce for my calamari which made the meal perfect !
Love this dominos location . Our pizza is always the best , I love getting the Alfredo sauce on my pizza . It ' s always out on time and it ' s prices are GREAT
Consistently great service and willing to fill custom orders . I ' m blown away by how great their selection is , too ! I cannot recommend this place enough ! !
This place was phenomenal ! ! Best authentic Mexican food I ' ve had in phoenix . Burritos are definitely would recommend and go back
Food delicious and friendly service . Best carne Asada ever . The jalapeño sour creme adds just the right amount of spice . Chipotle chicken full of flavor . Decor is different and memorable . Will be back !
Amazing food and great service ! Enjoyed Korean prime rib kalbi . A must try if you are in the Las Vegas area .
Super tasty and great customer service . We thoroughly enjoyed our drinks , especially the orange soda one with a scoop of custard .
Love the concept , plus they don ' t skimp on toppings . We have been a few times and everything has been great .
What else is there to say ? Best place for Chinese hakka food ! That ' s pretty much there is to it !
She definitely kicked ass gave us our money ' s worth and more . . . didn ' t disappoint ! Love her and specially after her performance
This is my dependable go - to spot in the area . Always fast , friendly , and fresh . I love the Dynamite rolls !
Good and happy service from people who want to help . Typical SB stuff ! It ' s in the convention center hall and closes at 2 . Highly recommend but get there early !
Wonderful sermons Beautiful music Loving community Blessed to be a part of the Dayspring Community . Very friendly if you are thinking of trying it out .
Tacos all pastor were awesome and so was the service . You have to try the salsa and chips , top notch ! ! ! !
If you are looking for a vegetarian and vegan restaurant , here is the best place . I usually drink the fresh prepared juices .
One of the best Thai places I ' ve been to in the Valley . The drunken noodles and yellow curry are great .
40yrs of chinese food in NY and this is the best tasting ive had in a long time . This place is awesome . Great food but if ur looking for ambiance then this wont work for you .
Hands down , best sandwich in Pittsburgh . Her pickled veggies are crisp , fresh and tasty . She is a Pittsburgh gem and we are lucky to have her . Thanks Lucy !
I have been eating here for over 8 years and have never had mediocre food . It ' s always fresh and piping hot . This is one of the best kept secrets in N Phoenix !
Best carpet cleaning ever and reasonable ! I have used them several times at work and never disappointed , easy scheduling and office smells and looks great . I would highly recommend Phx carpet repair .
Authentic Mexican , cozy and best michelada ( with sauce and everything ) that I ever had out of Mexico . Highly recommended
Holllly . It ' s really good juice and cool popcorn which call the dragon breath . So . Coooool . Go ahead to Take a look my video .
True professionals through and through . Straight to the point and very thorough . My carpet is very light colored almost white and they made them look new again . Will definately be using them next time .
Very pleasant evening . Welcoming , cozy atmosphere . Very accommodating staff and kitchen . Food is clean and crisp - you walk away feeling satisfied not stuffed . Excellent value .
I love this place for a quick meal on the go or sit down and enjoy . My favorite is the spicy teriyaki bowl with the noodles . So much flavor ! They never disappoint !
Excellent food and service . A bit on the pricey side but that ' s to be expected considering what you ' re getting and the presentation . Absolutely recommend for a special occasion or romantic night out .
My hubby and I ' s first time . . Very impressed : ) fast service , awesome food and great service ! We had a fabulous lunch
Had such an amazing time with friends ! Will do this again at Halloween ! The rooms are incredibly detailed and the puzzles are so creative ! I absolute loved this experience !
Love this place . Lunch salad was perfect . Jeska behind the bar was fun and really cool !
Great place Very friendly . Great food . Great bar scene . Owner is very friendly and a lot of fun . Great vegan options . Fun Cleveland stories await .
amazing service , food and ambiance . we ' ve been here many times at different hours and are never disappointed .
I recommend this of restaurants to everyone , they make the food fresh for you . I love their sweet - and - sour pork and their fried rice . : )
I own a mobile pet grooming company and have been extremely satisfied with their customer service , knowledge , and patience . Thank you so much .
Amazing ! The food was simple and fresh , the atmosphere was nice , and the service was great . Would defiantly recommend .
Cindi was an amazing server ! The food was also amazing ! Great place to go : ) we will definitely be going back !
Never been to a place with such amazing pizza . Will make it a tradition to come here at least twice a week because it ' s that ' s good .
Ask for Saul ! He ' s the best waiter and will treat you like family ! ! He accommodated our large group of 14 with grace and expertise ! !
Grabbed a quick bite here before the show . Wasn ' t too busy . Decor is great with low - lighting . Upbeat background music . Chips & salsa tasty
Delicious pour over coffee , delicious eggnog latte , delicious pumpkin spice coffee , and delicious biscotti ! We will be back . Super chill , clean , comfortable . Great coffee shop !
My new favorite spot . Food and drink prices are reasonable , the games are fun and the environment is relaxed .
Because it ' s that good . Over priced , YES , delicious YES ! ! Atmosphere is ultra lounge
The bagels are soooooo good ! Had a bagel breakfast sandwich and it was sooooo good so I ' m definitely going back !
Clean tables , Polite , fast and friendly service . Excellent food ! ! ! ! ! Have eaten here several times . . . No complaints
Best Korean BBQ in Las Vegas . To get same or better you would need to go to LA .
Great coffee but even better service . It was a weekend so the place was packed ! So worth the 2 mile walk in 100degree weather
Unexpected but Cantina does a fabulous weekend brunch ! The new location is stunning and the patio is great in nice weather .
22oz Ribeye is outstanding ! Warm butter cake is the perfect desert !
Great CPA ! Very professional and accurate with all tax preparation and payroll services
Great salads and juice , a very warm environment and lovely staff , and I feel that the food is made with love . If I lived here I would be a regular .
We love their pizza , never disappointed and 1 large pizza is enough for the 3 of us . We are new to the area and feel blessed to have found this place .
The food is great very good wings . Fish . Fingers great service great prices . The moms and pops place . Have everyone beat . Wing stop can ' t compare . Sorry !
This is the second time I have used Armadillo for screens . They again exceeded my expectations . Exact fit . Great work . Highly recommend .
A truly great dinning experience . Great food Great service and really cool atmosphere ! Don ' t miss out on this place
Amazing place with an awesome selection of homemade gelatos ! ! ! The pistachio gelato is by far the best ice cream / gelato / frozen treat I ' ve ever had , to die for ! ! !
Great food , superb service and a great place to meet an important business account .
Delicious food and excellent customer service ! ! Be sure to try the Penne pasta special ! ! : )
My favorite Thai in Henderson / Las Vegas and they have Separate VEGAN options ! ! Excellent service , always clean facilities , a fun clean atmosphere complete with sports TV running and delicious food to boot .
The best Fish and Chips I have ever had . I had to stop eating there so much due to my Cholesterol but it is a must have if you are out here .
I have gotten 5 pictures beautifully framed at Affordable Framing ! . Katie was incredibly helpful . Highly recommended !
Best place for chocolate on the west side ! Do your mouth a flavor and try the chocolate smoked sea salt caramels and their new graveyard shift brownie ! Mmmm so good ! Shop small & shop local !
Fast check in and wait time is usually about 15 minutes . Phlebotomists are always nice and like to interact with their patients . I like this location .
Love the food here it ' s the first time for us here since the remodel . I still love this place and free fried ice cream tonight .
Everything here is amazing ! The atmosphere , fresh food , and relaxation ! The Fontana burger was the best and I would totally recommend !
Great breakfast and service is very friendly ! Small cafe that is very cozy . The food is amazing as I love breakfast food and this is definitely a place I ' ll go back to !
Service was excellent , shellfish were awesome ! What else could you ask for ? Well , maybe garlic noodles , but by the time we finished our meal I didn ' t miss ' em ; )
The front desk was great and Heather was awesome . . also Marty was fabulous Thanks for helping get better
Delicious , I love the Alaskan roll and the Hawaiin roll .
I ' ve used Crowley Construction at two different properties . Both times Dan and his team provided outstanding service and were very professional . I would recommend Crowley Construction for any small or large home needs .
He fixes anything and always makes sure it ' s finished by your requested date , even when only giving him just a few days notice ! Only tailor I trust !
Amazing ! ! Delicious ! ! By far , the best boba in Vegas ! ! So glad there is one in Henderson now ! !
Nutella soft serve , dark chocolate " dip cone " shell . . . Fantastic ! Long line but it moved quickly enough . Great spot for a late desert !
This clinic has a wonderful proactive and holistic approach to client care . Many concerns addressed regarding women ' s health that may not be addressed elsewhere . Highly recommend this clinic !
We had an amazing experience Thursday night for our anniversary . The service was much more than expected . We will definitely be returning very soon .
We had great service at Mattress Firm . . . . went in with our 1 year old and we were very happy to be in and out of there very quickly ! !
My husband and I love meditteranean food , in particular , Persian cuisine is a favorite . Aria is excellent , I had the Koubideh combo and my husband had chicken koubideh . We will definitely be back .
A cozy restaurant with authentic malaysian cooking . Great service and quite affordable .
These guys are great ! I always enjoy thier professional atmosphere and great work ! I ' ll reccomended Vs over any other place I ' ve experienced and will continue to enjoy this spot in particular !
Good food for a reasonable price and nice people . So glad my friend showed me this place . I ' ll probably be here every week
Jeremy was professional and did exceptional work at a fair price . I would recommend his services .
Family special , prime . The meat is amazing , even the cow tongue , which I ' m normally not a fan of .
Very happy with service . Hubs and i had pedi here , we were not disappointed . Good service and price . We will b going again .
We were in a bind and they came out in like only 30 minutes and changed out locks . Thank you for the great service ! The locks work perfect and look great !
Vida is absolutely amazing ! She got everything I wanted exactly right ! Cut , color and keratin treatment came out perfect ! If you have curly hair go see vida you won ' t be disappointed !
Very reasonable price . . Customer friendly approach not the shady snobby approach that most of the shops are right now
Great food great service ! Love the beef panang ! So yummy ! Thai ice tea is very tasty too ! Will definitely be coming back
Very fresh & clean restaurant . Nice prices for the serving size . Got the pork with egg rolls . Everything was piping hot and extremely flavorful . Nice decor & ambience .
The service was absolutely top notch . Our waiter was the very best . I had the filet mignon that was so tender it melted . I would definitely go back .
Danielle checked us in the front office super quick ! She ' s amazing and very helpful . She will tell you everything about the promotion , dont foget to ask her for the coupon on yelp !
CJ was polite and spent time making sure new deadbolt was working properly . Thank you . Price reasonable .
Excellent staff , wait times minimal , knowlege of health issues when presented . A + +
I have been eating at Mastros restaurants for over 10 years now . They never fail you from quality of food to the service they provide . That pretty much sums things up . . .
This place is very clean and the staff is friendly . The portions are generous and the prices are fair . They do accept credit card . My wife and I will definitely come back !
Pleasant service over the phone , called back promptly for walk in services . First time doing this and a visitor from out of town . Clean lobby ready for a cleansing experience .
Awesome service every Sunday night when we come in with large group ! Food comes quickly ! Little mistakes are ever made if they are they are quickly fixed ! Big Kudos to the whole gang ! ! !
Hokkaido tea with with sea salt cream on top and crystal boba is the best ive ever had here . The place is always clean and staff are always friendly and super fast to make your drinks .
This very casual restaurant has the best food . We loved the pork , steak , corn tortillas and guacamole .
Always does an amazing job ! Friendly ! Beautiful place . Lisa is amazing ! ! Superb quality for a good reasonable price ! Highly recommend LK ! !
Great food ! Great service ! I will be back to try more items from the menu . I ordered the fried oyster po ' boy sandwich combo and a cup of gumbo .
Great food , friendly service , awesome happy hour beer specials . Had the calzone , huge portion . Definitely suggest giving them a shot : )
Very tasty bubble tea ! The cashier is very friendly ! I like the pearl milk tea , lemon yakult and strawberry latte .
Had a great time with friends from out of town Great martinis . . Burgers are really good . .
Great guest experience . The front desk personnel were very helpful in providing dinner suggestions and information . Room was immaculate and I thoroughly enjoyed my stay .
The best . very nice ambiance . Most importantly the food is delicious , plus the lemonade amazing
Super amazing for gluten free delights ! ! I am so happy we are here ! Can ' t wait to go back .
I love it . Just what im looking for at after work some anime cute girls and Ramen
Amazing customer service . Friendly and knowledgeable of the menu . The food was delicious . The mash - browns
Fantastic food and stellar service . My fiancé ordered the lobster ravioli and I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs . I couldn ' t be more pleased with this quaint Las Vegas dining experience !
The food was outstanding , service was excellent and quick , and very friendly people that work here . Highly recommend .
Great place to hang out and have a cocktail and a bite . Great food , fun place and gorgeous atmosphere . Try it !
Fantastic - my two year old just ate sushi and calamari . . . And asked for more . Plus , I got a free glass of wine ( thanks yelp ) food is great !
Best sandwich in town ! ! Super fresh and they have the " mini . " Just enough sandwich without all the bread . Yum !
This place is really high quality and the service is amazing and awesome ! Jayden was very helpful and was prompt and attentive . Will come back as the quality is so good and the service made it !
Awesome nail salon for manicures , pedicures and gels ! Waxing is great too ! Thanks Vivian & company for keeping us looking good . . . . Wish you were closer to home : - )
The food here is so amazing ! Everything is super fresh and smells amazing . The pizza crust is delicious , perfectly thin but not overcooked , and what could be better than wood - fired smores ?
Pricey but excellent , fresh handmade noodles and sauce . All the food I ' ve ever had here was great . It ' s definitely a little gem found in the middle of an industrial park .
Attended a Saturday morning yoga class . Beautiful facility and friendly staff .
Love this place ! Been in Scottsdale for a month of spring training and have been here several time ! Always good times . Fallon helped us this recent time and she ' s awesome !
This is my favorite sushi place in Vegas . Everything is amazingly good ! The California Roll is awesome and the lady that took care of me and my wife were very nice .
Awesome place . Great margaritas . Delicious rib eye tacos and the mariachi is worth coming back to visit
By far the BEST sushi quality than any other ayce place The appetizers r pretty good The service is alright But in terms of sushi , best best quality . Loooove it
Fresh seafood , delicious flavoring , magnificent salt water fish tank . Wonderful fine dine experience . Love it , love it , live it
Had an AWESOME time here ! Would definitely do it again next time I ' m in Vegas ! The guides were amazing ! Totally worth the money .
Garlic veggie noodles , spicy shrimp fried rice , sushi - favorites ! Visit all the time and love it ! Can get loud but great atmosphere and engaged staff ! Some Outdoor seating .
Super - friendly service , great wifi , A / C , comfortable chairs , and delicious food . I had a breakfast sandwich on an English muffin . Yum !
This is now our favorite Mexican place in the Madison area . Has authentic options and great spicy salsa ! Definitely kid friendly and our boys loved their tacos .
Everything was delicious - the snacks , the apps , the chicken and rice . All fantastic . It is definitely pricey - next time I ' ll do the tasting menu !
My boyfriend and I love this place , the atmosphere is unique and we love the music they play too . We always try to come through at least once and month ( Y )
Great burgers and fries , don ' t wait to try this place . These people get the old time burger flavor just right !
Love this store awesome staff great prices . I would strongly recommended this location for all your shopping needs
Very healthy breakfast choices ! 100 % worth ! It is different , the shop itself gives off a homey vibe , very welcoming . The food and coffee was something , in a good way
Fabulous - would definitely come back again when in town . Go there you won ' t be disappointed .
Love Margarita Nails & Spa . Prices are reasonable and techs are always friendly and do a great job .
Best food great people behind the counter great deals too if you want good southern food close to home this is it
They are always very nice and helpful . Very friendly . The girls working really know what they are talking about and are very talented ! !
Amazing staff and service . Haven ' t had a bad experience and all 3 of the technicians are super nice and great at what they do .
Great selection of bourbon at very fair prices . Staff called other local stores for me for a whiskey they were out of .
Great espresso in an inviting space . The owner ' s baked goods are also very tasty . This has quickly become our go - to neighborhood coffee shop .
Great company with great prices and great quality service techs . Travis handled our job professionally and we couldn ' t be happier . Thank you all access !
Best sushi and ramen place so far ! I hope you could open same restaurant in Edmonton . .
Fun place to hang out with friends or family . I love the theater it reclines and they bring the food to your seat .
The best sausages in Toronto . Hands - down . A solid selection of craft brews on tap . What more can you ask for ?
3 separate family friends recomended and I am HIGHLY impressed . . . the staff is great , friendly , knowledgeable , and amazed how well he remembers his clients . . . even years later .
Yum , these cakes don ' t disappoint ! Fluffy and delicious , great for family parties . A little pricey but definitely worth it : )
I literally love this place . Best tacos in the city hands down and excellent service to boot .
This place was amazing ! ! ! The food was great I love the tapas style , the manager was great he made our anniversary very very special . Everything was awesome . Will be back soon .
I have been going there now for 3 years me and my mom and we luv it . Vicky does my nails and feet we laugh every time I go she is so nice . Mary is sweet to
The sushi is fresh , the service is wonderful , and the oysters are awesome !
Great place to shoot and very friendly and helpful staff . I just renewed my CCW permit and the class was great .
I love the customer service and pretzels are delicious ! ! ! Came in my for my birthday pretzel and it was a delightful snack to enjoy . Thank you auntie Anne ' s
Booked a last minute staycation and it just what we needed . Room was great for the price , food was good , great atmosphere all around , we will definitely be back !
Beautiful little cafe in the high park neighbourhood . A bright space with gorgeous looking food ( I didn ' t try anything but was very tempted ) and carefully made drinks .
I absolutely recommend this place they do an excellent job the prices are very accessible the people are very friendly and very fast
Always sketchy trying new chinese restaurants , but so glad I found this place . Great food , fast delivery , and friendly service .
Trattoria Italia was phenomenal ! ! Authentic cuisine , and great selection . All staff members went above and beyond to be helpful and the dinner was DEVINE ! I highly recommend the Gnocchi Nimmi !
I still love this place ! They have fantastic customer service and such yummy monthly specials ! Definitely won ' t go anywhere else for cupcakes and ice cream ! Way to go Smallcakes Ahwatukee !
Exceptional , authentic food . Do you miss your grandma ' s cooking ? Omg . . . I love this place ! !
Favorite Thai restaurant ! Love the pad Thai and all of their curry . Great lunch special also ! : )
The office makes you feel so at home . The staff is very friendly , and the pep smear was so fast I barely noticed !
Great service from our server Sarah and the manager , Mike was also very attentive . We ordered six rib eyes at our table and they came out in a timely manner and perfectly cooked ! Thank you !
Best Chinese food I ' ve had for awhile . Service is nice ! I ' m gonna become a regular of this place .
Friendly and cute staff compliment the tasty menu . I enjoyed a Spanish omelette which was huge , with potatoes and biscuit . Highly recommend .
I love the green curry with shrimp ! The spicy heat is perfect and the shrimp are big and cooked just right ! Always great food and friendly service ! One of my favorite places to grab lunch .
I am from New Jersey and New York area pretty good Chinese food on the East Coast this is one of the best Chinese food I ' ve had here in Arizona
Delicious and completely vegan . Not to mention this place is 24 hours ! How can you beat that ? If you ' re vegan then this place is a must try . Delicious desserts as well .
I ' ve now been 3 times and every time it has only gotten better . Does not disappoint , every dish was delicious . I recommend ordering a few from each section of the menu .
We stopped for brunch Sunday morning and liked it so much we went back Sunday night for dinner . Great vegetarian options , service and atmosphere .
always great service from professional team members , ray the bald guy is amazing ! i would highly recommend getting your next service at Henderson Chevrolet
First of all , I have to say the almond horns are amazing ! Everything lives up to it ' s name and the staff couldn ' t be more helpful .
One of our favorite boba spots in town . Great selection of drinks and always friendly staff . Milk tea is always perfect and cocoberry with lychee jelly is great too .
Completely and totally unbelievably amazing ! The fish is all very fresh , and the presentation is unrivaled by any other sushi restaurant I ' ve ever been ! Perfect five star establishment !
Great job by all ! I really loved the customer service and the professionalism of the work crew . The only way to go when living in southern Nevada .
This burger tastes like REAL DEAL . AAA Nice customer service . Always smiling . Free peanut . Huge fries AAA .
Amazing burgers , great service ! Even saw them support the community and the Girl Scouts ! Awesome food and staff ! We will definitely be back soon !
Another amazing experience with this vet ( Dr . Driggers ) ! I would never take our parrots anywhere else . As an added bonus their new location is even nicer than their old one .
Amaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazing best and cheap ! Sups , salat , fish and of course sweets , cotton candy , pies . . . . . . .
We swung by yesterday ( for lunch ) . Had a great server named Casey . Super fast , funny and quick with the refills . The food was so great . We left happy and full .
This was my first visit to Cabo . I was pleasantly surprised by how good the food was . Some of the best chips that I ' ve ever had . Over all an outstanding atmosphere and cool place
Perfect . . . Ambiance , food , wait staff . We came because the restaurant we wanted to go to had their ovens down . Now we will make this spot a first choice .
This is the best Costco I ' ve ever seen in my whole life . The store is really clean the staff is really helpful and friendly and the place looks really nice .
Very good burger ! Cool diner . It was busy so that is a good thing . I ' ll be back .
Amazing food ! Amazing service ! Everything was quick and delicious . The atmosphere is trendy , unique , cool and comfortable . We will be back ! ! What a great spot .
Excellent food with reasonable prices tucked away in the Plaza Shamrock neighborhood . We go here for date night or a few drinks . classic southern American food with vegetarian options and something for everyone !
Absolutely love this place , the owner and the staff are awesome ! The shrimp and grits are amazing
This place is amazing . Their pork belly tacos and lamb chop lollipops are to die for . I could get them all day ! Just writing this review is making my mouth water
Pedicure here is great ! The Zen pedicure takes away any stress you come in with . Staff is friendly and takes time to answer any questions . A Must try . . .
The food is amazing . The customer service is out of this world . The owner takes great pride in pleasing the customer and ensuring the experience is awesome . You must try it .
Even though they were in their first " live " week food and service were exceptional ! Love having a great new neighborhood go to !
This is my favorite burrito in phx . They ' ve been doing it for years and it shows . Just a little ole food truck and some real people .
Best burger in town and the fries are always crispy ! Love the local vibe with the desserts and that raspberry ginger lemonade is the best .
Mimi ' s Cafe is the best I have a food allergy in the server was more than careful to help me out with my food allergy , place was nice and clean and the service was exceptional
Outstanding customer service ! I couldn ' t imagine going anywhere else in the valley . I feel like a member of the family and couldn ' t ask for more .
This place is the spot for brunch ! Andrew our server absolutely killed it ! Always making sure our bottomless mimosas were filled to the top ! Love this place and Andrew !
My 16 year old got a full highlight and haircut done by Gloria on Saturday . Wow , beautiful job ! we will be coming back and I want mine done next
First time at the Henderson location 3 weeks ago an going for my fill today . Defiantly prefer this location over the On my way ! On rainbow .
Excellent sushi , we had a great experience ! We ate family style , supper friendly attentive staff , They have almost 100 rolls ! Also offer all u can eat sushi . Sashimi is fresh .
Great burger ! High quality ingredients make these burgers a winner . Perfect place to watch the game or hang out on the beautiful patio out back .
Finally ! ! ! Street tacos on the Strip ! ! They shave the pastor right in front of you . So bomb ! ! If in Vegas have to try ! !
Went back after my initial visit and had a MUCH better experience . Service was super fast and it tasted as amazing as before .
Worth the money . Great time . We couldn ' t stop laughing the emcee was fantastic Put this on your list of shows to see in Vegas .
Don ' t drive around downtown and off the strip for your milk teas . This place has refreshing milk tea and other good stuff . They ' re located by the Nestle shop and Foot Locker .
Best Mexican restaurant in the are ! The tacos were BOMB ! The service was awesome and the food was tremendous !
This place was much more than I expected . Great concepted , perfect if you have kids who are picky eaters ( like mine ) . Will be coming back again for sure .
Finally got to get a great tour of Learning Jungle School in Las Vegas ! The director and teachers was great and pleasant to meet them !
This place is so cool so is the service they are like the nicest people in the restaurant . I hightly recommend that you want to go here
Took my daughter to see the show . She loved it ! Definitely family friendlt especially for young kids . Nice intimate theater . The show is appx . 1 hr and is entertaining throughout .
Clean , friendly , great service ! My service righter Bert informative and doesn ' t try to upsale ! This is the place for all your Chevy needs !
I always order the chocolate chiller and the Buffalo chicken wrap or the delicious chicken ceasar salad . Didn ' t realize this location is 24 hours and so close to home !
Favorite place to eat in Las Vegas . Food , ambience , and service is fantastic . My husband and I always eat here when we go to Vegas . Definitely recommend !
This place is great . Super casual . Even if there is a line it moves super fast . Always friendly . Get the Chorizo Queso .
Don ' t tell my Yia - Yia , but The Great Greek ' s food is better than hers !
Great store with a variety of products . Lots of local artisan foods . The staff and owner are amazing .
I love this location ! The waitresses are always friendly , service is great and fresh coffee is quickly served . My order is always correct and cooked well .
The BEST pizza ever . Period . Don ' t believe me try it ! Several varieties to choose from . Honestly you can ' t go wrong with this place .
This place is a legend . Rare beef Pho is delicious and comes out so quickly ! Rice noodle rolls are the best ! We come here at least 2x a month - best !
awesome . . I love the walnut especially , red bean I don ' t like . Staff is fast and friendly . Great treat , fun to watch them made . Love it .
I will be back to this salon for sure ! It ' s stylish , well lit , and CLEAN ! The prices are affordable too !
Got here first thing in the morning fixed my dishwasher right away . . Great service . Thank you for the quick service
If I could give this place 10 stars , I would ! Everything about it start to finish was amazing , especially our service ! Kudos to Jeffrey from salt lake ! !
I ran in here to fill a prescription while on vacation . I got help from the pharmacist and she was excellent and and extremely friendly .
Great local BC pool store ! Friendly staff , great selection of essentials and toys as well ! Save a trip into " town " and shop local !
Awesome place to go climb around on some huge rocks for great views . Lots of routes to choose from to go hiking and rock climbing . Nice alternative to the usual of Las Vegas
Shellyn is an amazing hair stylist . She listens to what you want and delivers ! It ' s hard to find someone you can trust . I ' m so glad I found her .
I wish I could have taken photos but OMG I couldn ' t wait . The mustard sauce that comes with the cubano is TDF and definitely get the dark chocolate !
Super delish lasagna classico ! Never ending classics . W / a moscow mule . Service is great .
No complaints . Everything arrived just as they told me . I will use them again . The twin bed I purchased feels and looks good .
Really awesome place . My bro in law told me they have the best taro and he was absolutely correct ! Customer service was great too . Everyone seemed happy and welcoming . I will definitely come back .
Loved loved the sea food pie . Loved the music . I ' m from Las Vegas and would love ' ' this as a place to visit regularly .
I ' ve used Jeannie ' s Grooming since 2006 . They ' re very trustworthy and reasonably priced . Jeannie ' s so nice and has helped animal rescues with donations in the past .
The guys were super nice and they had a great selection of games , figurines , comics , and more . Really cool place , with lots of tables for gaming which I appreciate .
The food is great and the waitress is sweet and attentive . LoriAnn took care of all our eating needs . May return again soon . Ole
The best sephora around . The girls are always helpful and so understanding and kind . I bring my skeptical friends to this store to renew their faith in Sephora !
Great customer service ! My car overheated on the 101 and I was able to get right . Thanks for your help !
I ' ve had everything but the soup here , and I am always amazed . My favorite thing to order here is the sourdough pancakes . . . and I am never disappointed . # lfthx
My go to for Tacticool gear , very knowledgeable . ( CONDOR distributor ) Mr Chang is a good dude . L . E . O
I love this place everyone is so welcoming and knowledgeable if you have questions , every time I go here I have so much fun I really recommend it
Amazing pastries that truly give a homemade perfection vibe . I have never been dissapointed with my order , and I highly reccomend the lady locks .
I had the 3 peppercorn NY style steak , and was quite impressed ! The service and ambience were quite great as well . I would definitely recommend it .
This place is amazing . . . They deserve all of their success . Stop reading this and grab a sandwich !
Unbelievable selection of BEER . Great local crowd . Lots of parking . Many smiles . Plus , giant chalk boards to create on - Thumbs UP
I had diner and it was very delicious ! The couscous is excellent . Also , the decoration is outstanding and the service perfect . Moroccan hospitality is the best !
Extremely cool and hip interior . Perfect for a quiet study spot or a nice drink with a friend . Quick and friendly service too !
Great fresh food . It filled me up without giving me a bad feeling . Anytime you want to eat fresh and fill up I recommend taking a stop by . Also great customer service !
Great community in the heart of Chandler . Renovations are beautiful making your apartment feel more like a home .
Albert was an amazing server ! He was super quick and friendly . I will definitely be going back . The food was great and so were the drinks !
Staff was friendly , gelato was delicious ! I had chocolate hazelnut , vanilla and biscotto . All were amazing and the presentation was beautiful ! Highly recommend !
SO . GOOD . The carne asada fries were delicious , and the people were so friendly . Don ' t let the exterior deter you , it ' s probably the greatest find in Phoenix !
it is a new shop . I tried pineapple fresh juice , I like it so much . They also have cakes , I plan to try next time . recommend！
I didn ' t have an appointment and they were able to sit me down right away ! My tech was awesome and my nails came out great !
Kimchi grill is really good Short rib bbq is delicious Friendly staffs One of my fav restaurant in Las Vegas
Bun bo hue , pho , fried squid , fried chicken wings are my favourites here . Nice clean restaurant , quick friendly service .
Bold flavors and great service . We got the sixteen spice chicken and the tuna steak . They were delicious and my tuna steak was cooked perfectly . The environment is very vibrant . Highly recommended .
Never would expect this place to have as good of food as it does . The veggie sandwich is the best thing on the menu , for meat eaters and all . Chips and guac were awesome too !
Excellent mexican food at his location and friendly staff . Good value for your dollar . Definitely a good place to eat in or take to go . The fried ice cream is excellent .
Best pho soup in town . . . . fast easy reasonable . . . best to get it to go . . . . not much atmosphere for dinning in . . . .
Quality Service and Cleanliness is great here . The orange chicken is always must ! ! ! I miss the Mandarin Chicken but they have the new Teriyaki which is ok .
Went to get new tires today . They had decent prices and the staff was great and quick ! Thanks !
Had a great experience the receptionist and Doctor were all great . I will definitely come back to this Urgent Care again if needed . Dr . Mark was great .
Simply amazing . The best service I have received possibly ever . I went there with my wife and in - laws and had a wonderful time .
Authentic German breads and pastries . Fresh wursts and butter in the cold case . Tasty little extras to buy . Reminds me of my grandmother every time I walk in : )
Really knows his stuff and is really reasonablly priced ! Without a doubt the best and most honest mechanic I ' ve ever dealt with .
Daniel and Hannah did a great job with the interior of my house and garage . They were very quick , precise and clean . Price was very reasonable .
More of a Italian food place but good food , the service was great . If you get there before 3pm you can get sandwiches otherwise it ' s pasta , steaks and entrees only .
The very best wings any where . Other items are great but they win the wing challenge hands - down . Been getting food there over 15 years , constantly excellent .
Came in late in the day craving some boba after going grocery shopping . Got a lychee and peach green tea unsweetened and OMG that boba was so good . Soft chewy and sweet .
Cianna was just a sweetheart from start to finish . Best wings around . Fast and fresh . Even gave me a sample wing of the sauce I wanted to try !
Always a great experience with Dr . Simon , she ' s personable , caring and compassionate - exactly what you want from your doctor .
Excellent service and they give discounts to military and a free oil change on Veterans Day . All the other customers had nothing but good things to say about this family owned business .
Easiest checkout I ' ve ever done . No crazy surprising costs or complaints about turning in the car dirty . ( We went to the Rockies ! )
Best gel manicure I ' ve had in a long while . Very efficient and good prices . I ' ll definitely be back .
Great coffee & pastries . A small shop , definitely better than Starbucks and nice to just go in , sit , and enjoy your morning caffeine fix .
The boba here is amazing . Warning though it ' s very sweet because it is honey boba . The texture of the boba is perfect and the milk tea is a perfect compliment to it
Excellent Bakery ! We loved the Cinnamon Roll and the Nutella Croissant . The dessert items all looks good , too .
This place was delicious . My family and I were looking for good Mexican place during our vacation and this was the spot .
Great authentic little sleepy Indian place . Outstanding service and great food .
Love the drinks and the food . Our service was amazing . Other reviews have said that it had gone downhill , but that was not my experience at all .
The workers were on time , professional and skilled . Love my epoxy flooring . The price was amazing and we couldn ' t be more pleased .
I had a really great experience here this morning . Brenda was the best . Very helpful . She actually remembered me from a previous visit . Impressive . I even did the store survey .
Pleasant atmosphere and fantastic food . We are planning to bring our friends to experience Otro .
I purchased a firearm from this store . Great prices and friendly service . I will be a repeat customer . I like supporting small business like this . They are the backbone of America .
Chili dog done right ! Great dive in a good yinzer location of The Burgh . Great staff . Micah is one sexy mofo . Most certainly a return visit when I ' m in the area .
The food and service is good . If not , they usually take care of it . Bathrooms are gross and it ' s usually pretty busy but overall decent place to eat out with great HH .
We love Hobak since they opened ! We never had meat with cheese fondue but now we really love it !
Wow what a great place , brought my grandkids in for their Mac & Cheese ( they love it here ) . Great service adorable pricing with a old school Dinner atmosphere
Fantastic meal . Go for the caviar and dessert cart . Invited a few clients from NYC and we had a great time . Service was top notch . 3 Michelin start worthy !
Excellent hot dogs . Wife got the Colombian and loved it and I got the Cowboy and it was really good too . Fries were very good too . Owner was very nice too .
Great atmosphere and service . Tashelee , Marcus and Beth behind the bar are awesome ! ! Food is fresh and wonderful ! ! !
super génial ! ! love this place ! ! we had the Japanese tofu with the eggplants and minced pork sauce ! amazing , not too fat or salty and great service ! I will for sure be back
When the cats at Cityscape want a posh drink and food , no better place than the Hound . Thanks Blue Hound for the many years of grand service and food . Get your Hound on .
We visited from the States . Got up late but they were still serving quiche . Best . Quiche . Ever . Damn . . . . and the mimosas ! ! ! !
Great food and service ! Would definitely go back again ! The aged Ribeye was great . The server was very knowledgeable about the menu and very helpful for us in making our selection .
SideBar is definitely the perfect place to get a great cocktail , good atmosphere , and great bar food ! Their artichoke dip and pizza will rock your socks !
I love this place ! Service is attentive . Food is affordable with big portions . Really delicious food . Whenever I ' m in town I have to eat here
best healthy place to eat for the price . great price and value
Very nice local bar with a great beer selection . Bartenders are also great and make you feel welcome . Lots of fun events . This is the best bar in Sun Prairie .
Clean and professional ! Def stands above the rest of the nail spa places in town ! Will be coming here from now on !
Great store with a good selection . I needed a new bcg and they had a nickel boron for an awesome price . Daniel helped me with friendly service and ill definitely be back
Wow . This place is over the top good . No need to talk about every dish . They were all amazing . Very pricey but well worth the experience . Recommended .
Best Chinese food in town ! Crispy tofu , bbq pork buns , green beans , and crispy beef !
Came in here with some options in mind to try on in person . Sonda was very helpful and patient . Their staff is very friendly too .
Went for the Video Games , was surprised by the great food . Definitely worth checking out if you ' re a fan of Pizza and Games .
Hip spot with great ambiance and an eclectic menu . Five stars - will definitely be back !
Awesome food . The best Chinese food in USA . But u have to be high roller in order to enjoy here
All their pizzas are deliciously made ! You cannot go wrong ! Our favorite is the Sal ' s special !
Great food , great service , great vibe , great happy hour ! This will be a regular spot for me . Try the Clam - Mari on the Happy Hour menu . You will not be disappointed !
A great time had . I brought my boys and shot targets , mummies and each other . I highly recommend Top Shot for families with teens .
Very friendly and helpful staff . Knew what kind of beer I was looking for and showed me other fantastic choices along with the one I wanted .
Best service every time and the most frictions food I ever had ! I find myself going back although it ' s pricy because the food and service is always amazing ! Great place to take ur date !
We are so glad we found this place ! Great sushi and delicious miso soup . They have some great menu options as well !
These people are awesome . John was amazing and so helpful . We are so very grateful . Thank you for everything !
Good service ! Awesome food ! Even my 5yr old daughter enjoyed her dinner . Will definitely come back here .
Chris and Melissa are very helpful ! Will definitely be coming back , service is superior to other stores in the area no pressure good atmosphere
Must visit if you ' re in Vegas . Great atmosphere , great service & awesome food . Definitely will go back .
I was there on April 1st for a Jimmy Buffett concert the sound was off for the first few songs but then it was AWESOME ! Great arena ! Will definitely go back for a show !
Fantastic place ! Huge menu with great food ( had Liver and Onions and Apple Chicken ) and very reasonable prices . Relaxed environment with excellent wait staff . Outstanding overall experience !
We came here for the first time today and the ribs are Amazing ! ! ! The staff is super friendly and kind ! I highly recommend it to anyone and we will definitely be back soon !
We spent New Years here and it was amazing , they were very accommodating and the food was great ! As always it was a great experience !
being at down town just makes it ten times better . I got my nose and tongue repierced here , the prices here smash everywhere else .
Makes a great neighborhood restaurant . we frequent it often . Relaxing bar and outdoor seating .
The guys here are awesome and they have great customer service ! We will continue to use them for our auto needs !
This is my new AAA mechanic . Everyone is professional . They have a fast and reliable shuttle services . Mitch is great ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Awesome place to find unique , antique , seasonal , or homemade gift items ! Highly reccomend !
This place is amazing . Maybe the best sushi Toronto has . Everything is so fresh and just awesome . If you ' re lucky enough to get a reso - jump on it ! ! ! ! !
Great all you can eat sushi in Toronto ! An amazing variety of maki rolls , torched sushi and more . Would highly recommend this place and the service was wonderful .
Everything was perfect . Coffee and food were amazing . Atmosphere was relaxed and felt like home . Server was friendly and helpful . Would highly recommend !
The food is delicious and all the workers are friendly felt welcome and service was quick didn ' t have to wait long for food to come out
Amazing place . Very friendly staff . Plus the offer SHARBAT SEKANJEBIIIIIIIIIN . it feels awesome to be at a somewhat persian place . Feels like home .
Excellent service and wonderfully creative & delicious food ! We plan on returning to Cleveland just to eat here again ! ! !
Great food . I feel like I ' ve had everything on the menu . My favorite thing is root beer floats delivered to my door . And they deliver .
I ' ve been to a lot of audiologists , but these folks are the very best . Accommodating , professional , efficient , caring , amazing customer service . Have recommended them to all my friends .
always good food good drinks and great atmosphere ! Less than a mile from my house makes it all the better ! LOL
Love this store , almost check in here every day ! Breakfast , pre - packaged meal for office lunch and quick dinner .
Great food . Nice ambiance . Amazing service . Beef cheeks had nice flavor . Will definitely go back !
Always delicious , try to bring out of town friends and family , so proud of this gem ,
Awesome place . . . . had the chicken Shawarma wrap and it definitely the best I ' ve had in Calgary . Service friendly and place is nice bright and clean .
We found this place 10 years ago when it was on TV The rooms are nice the casino is great and it ' s very very good for conventions ! Stay here ! !
I love this place ! It is a hole in the wall treasure ! I have got so many people addicted to Ethiopian because this place is that good !
This place rocks ! Literally . Cool concept for the " lobby " with a pawn shop . Food is great ! Service was good too for a busy place . Would definitely go back !
The food was very good we enjoyed our stay and some of the best Lentil Soup I have ever had . . nice . .
Customer service was absolutely excellent ! We came here for the first time and really enjoyed the service as well as smoothies and iced coffee . I ' d refer to anyone !
Excellent for take out . The food off their Cantonese menu is excellent . The American menu is good also , just that I don ' t like Americanised Chinese food .
Just had lunch here . $ 8 . 99 for two rolls and they tasted amazing . This is favorite sushi place in AZ . Highly recommend eating here . The staff is fun and friendly too .
Great place to eat will definitely be back . The place is clean and the staff is frendly
Really a good deal for the price . $ 15 for the 2 of us . Had the # 3 with chili on the side . Great burger . Crisp fries & and bomb chili ! !
Absolutely AWESOME place ! Great service , great ambiance , and delicious food ! So many choices on the menu and everything is fantastic ! New favorite restaurant ! ! ! !
Definitely a place for the brew , connoisseur ! Food was great as was the service . One of my favorite places .
Criss Angel is amazing ! His stunts will confuse you probably for the rest of your life .
The food is amazing ! ! ! Absolutely love the fact that everything is FRESH and ORGANIC ! ! ! Excellent customer service and friendly staff . . .
I love this place ! The food is delicious ! ! The prices are very fair and the customer service is always on point !
They arrived perfectly on time to repair broken springs on our garage door . They installed much better springs and obviously knew what they were doing . I would highly recommend them to anyone ! !
I ' ve been a regular customer for the last year The food has always been above and beyond
Delicious vegetarian options for us and polite service .
THE BEST RAMEN IN PITTSBURGH . Period . Soup dumplings are incredible . My go - to is the spicy beef bowl . I drive TO squirrel hill FOR this place . Delicious .
Cassandra makes this place rock ! She knows my order by heart ! We love the hospitality
Omg so delicious . we tried the pork and potato cheese jalapeno perogis . bought them frozen and prepared at home . def will go back ! YUM
The fried rice had a lot of flavor compared to most Asian restaurants . Generous portions . They were also great about food allergies .
This is the place to get your car washed , period . Sometimes the wait is long but the work is done well .
Highly recommended ! Great environment ! Great people ! Great experience ! Great food ! Great drinks ! 5 stars all day ! Staff is amazing !
Great Burrito Good price . Food was very good . Service was a little slow . Overall good experience .
Fabulous . A fun little place with wonderful guacamole and roasted chili salsa . So friendly !
i heart you Bouchon . You have never failed me , and I will always return to you . LOVE this place !
This restaurant is amazing ! The steak was cooked perfectly and you MUST get the fried rice with pork belly ! ! ! Service was outstanding as well !
Great food amazing service and impressive portion sizes . Place is a bit of a hole - in - the - wall but it ' s clean . I ' d definitely eat here again !
Great bar with great food . Stopped in for breakfast . Was very pleased with the food and service . Next time I ' m going to try the rib eye !
This was a great show ! The performers were beautiful and entertaining ! Every number was well done . The meet and greet afterwards was a treat !
I love the seafood paella it ' s not too salty perfect ! & the sesami seared ahi taste good and fresh !
One of the best places for udon in the Chinatown area . The food was outstanding and temperature was correct . Highly recommended ! Will return again with friends @
So much delicious thai food . . service is fast . This is a awesome little thai restaurant , and I will definitely be back .
Amazing staff and food ! This location not only has delicious seafood , but mouthwatering ribs and melt in your mouth briskett . Fun environment for a night out .
Mark did a great job replacing our huge stairwell window that was broken . Very professional , courteous , on time and under budget . I highly recommend him !
Pressed Cubano or pork belly medianoche a must l ! short rib plate if you ' re feeling feeling hungry ! Impeccable service with a great retro diner ambience
So fun , great atmosphere ! Love the coffee at Luci ' s . . . .
The pizza here is crazy good . We ordered their meat pizza , baked Mac n Cheese and cheese platter . Everything tasted great and was cooked PERFECTLY ! ! ! We will be back ! !
Omg James , master sushi chef and future owner at Young ' s Sushi live feed preparing your sushi . Absolutely stunningly fresh and exceptional quality in the NE Ohio !
Awesome burger . Had the Cowboy Burger cooked medium . Quick service and great local craft beers . Can ' t wait to go back .
Another amazing sandwich ! ! " Sometimes I ' m A Vegetarian " First half here & second half on top of A Mountain . All ways a great choice .
Fantastic ! ! ! Amazing kabobs . gets busy but they are very good . Fresh bread is on point !
Best spot for karaoke in Cleveland so far . Freaking awesome environment is so fun . People there are sooo friendly
Great food , Adam is such a friendly and professional bartender / server . Clean , great atmosphere . I ' m a regular now .
Best Jimmy Johns in the valley ! Friendly staff , delicious and fast subs . I will return !
1st time here and the service was amazing ! Next time I ' m in Vegas I will go back ! the food was yummy and fulfilling .
Idk I always come here and like it . The owner is nice . The foods good . Service is fast . My to go order spilled and they kindly gave me another .
I love this place ! I order from them frequently & it ' s quick delivery - my favorite is the beef salad !
Carissa was very attentive and friendly . . . Sunday happy hour was great with good music and help from Kathy our service , food and drinks couldn ' t have been better .
Amazing wine selection . Fantastic customer service . The associates are ready to help with finding what you are looking for and making recommendations . This is the only place I shop . Great prices !
I love there food So good and delicious . Also clean and organize And you don ' t have to wait long time tell you get the food so happy So happy that I visit this place .
They have best spring rolls that I have ever had . They were delivered and still unreal . The Pad Thai was also great . This is my new favorite Thai place .
This place is great . Food was delicious , server was very attentive and it was perfect for a quiet business lunch . Will definitely be back !
Been here twice , food and drinks were amazing both times . Only down side was it was hot inside , but that ' s probably just because it ' s packed since it ' s so good !
Pretty sweet place ! I ' m not hard to please but the staff is really cool and friendly I love my room . I wish we could stay here more often !
Awesome place for hangout ! Opens late whenever you need some Chinese style dessert . Nice atmosphere and decor .
Definitely my favorite seafood location in the east valley . Food and service are always on point . Thanks Angry Crab ! ! ! !
My family and I LOVE this place , its a hidden gem and I never want to go anywhere else . The staff is super friendly , the food is DELISH and the prices are fair .
Great mall , lots of great restaurants and stores . . easy parking and a train for kids to roll through the mall .
Stopped in for Happy Hour with the Girls , Happy Hour was great and HH menu was perfect . Great house white , and best Bruchetta .
Came across Extreme Arizona while vacationing in Phoenix I rented a two seat RZR I had amazing time rental process was easy guys explained me how to drive off I went vrom vrom Thank you guys
I have always had a great experience here . Jaime greets one with warmth and caring . The cashiers are always so cheerful . My car is sparkling clean ! Love it !
Great studio ! Tony is super good instructor ! I am enjoining to come here to learn new moves ! Rumba or Salsa NEXT ! ! Great location too .
Fast great food . You order then they call your number when it ' s ready . Recommend the stuffed quesadilla or Mexican pizza , both great . Never disappointed in their food .
Nice and friendly place . . . our server vanessa is very quick and friendly . . . good place for brunch for every one .
Went to see a movie . Senior rate was $ 4 . 00 before a certain time great theatre good movie . Price was excellant . . . . . . .
Just flat out good . Had Pumpkin Curry , very close to my favorite dish at my regular spot in Seattle !
My wife and I tried the Bellini , mimosa , latte , and corned beef hash . Surprisingly good food and drinks with friendly service .
Great service , nice people and amazing sushi ! Way better than Globefish across the street . Hidden gem
Beautiful short ( 1 . 5 mile ) hike on Lake Erie ! Great views of the lake . We saw a ton of birds and deer .
Best sushi in Vegas . The Ryan ' s special and jackpot roll are the best ! Super friendly staff as well .
Jenny is so nice and she will do what you ask for I just love coming here I had to follow her she ' s truly the best ! ! ! !
Awesome . Definitely will go again . Both service and food quality is great although the pork is a bit spicy for me .
Really like this place . Very unique outside the box Chinese restaurant . Really good flavors different menu items and very friendly owners give it a try
Matt explained everything ; Minor repair , changed the filters and cleaned coils at no charge . Reasonably priced , honest and fast worker . highly recommend !
It ' s hard to find delivery with a decent salad selection . . . this place rocks , fresh crisp salads and yummy pizza ! Quick delivery ! Wolfman is now programmed in my mobile .
Great food . Great service . Great location . My first experience at Charbar was awesome ! ! They had a very friendly atmosphere with great service .
Awesome for tacos ! ! ! If your in Vegas this is definitely the place to go ! Not to mention the outside view on the strip
So delicious ! I got the Kake Udon when I went , as well as some assorted tempura and a couple rice balls . Everything was super tasty and the employees were really nice and helpful .
Best service ever . Jackson and bobby were very attentive and willing to answer any drink questions . Would come back anytime and refer to anyone .
Jeff and Brad are awesome ! They are good honest mechanics who will tell you like it is , and help you prioritize your vehicles needs . They will do what ever they can to help you .
Love this location . The staff is friendly and welcoming . Clean and tidy inside is a solid plus . Always the best selection of drinks .
Authentic and really good . We will be back for the buffet for sure . A little quirky but lovely .
Excellent prices , outstanding service , and an owner that really cares . A great place to hang out , and the Monday Night prime rib special is great .
Camelback has done three of my cars now , All have turned out great with no complaints . Fast and clean and courteous and on time . Thank you Camelback .
Wings are amazing along with delicious fries ! They are very nice . Generous with ranch which is a plus !
Really enjoyed my salad ! I appreciated the attention to detail , fresh ingredients , and attractiveness of the plate . : )
Love this place and the staff . Recommend the calamari as a starter ! And then try everything else . Lol
This is one of my favorite place to go . Not only they have seafood they also have bbq which my husband really love . I definitely recommend this place .
Melinda is Great ! As a client for many years , Melinda has always delivered a great cut . She is creative and fun .
Awesome ! Great flavors , beautiful presentation , reasonable prices , clean , wonderful service . Highly recommend !
Very fresh lobster and the steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare . Service was attentive but not over bearing . Wine by the glass list is excellent .
It ' s a little disappointed that they ran out of burnt end . So I ordered the 2 meat platter , brisket and the ribs . The brisket is kind of dry and the ribs are good
Everything was delicious . Reasonable prices compared to neighboring restaurants . Good service !
Great group . Jim knows his stuff and couldn ' t be more friendly to a drop in . . . Worth taking the time to stop in !
Terrific food , prices are good , employees are very polite and helpful , very clean . I recommend this restaurant to all my friends and family . .
Part of my morning ritual , stop in grab a fantastiv coffee and shot the shit with Tony before i head to the office . . . love it .
I was there for a birthday party . The food was excellent and so was our waitress Jessica Bacon . She was very attentive to our needs
Awesome breakfast ! ! ! Great , friendly staff . . . . I drove all the way from Florida just to eat here .
Staff is very knowledgeable and they always have great selection to cater any style beer one may enjoy . Great prices and great bottles / can selection . Have wines as well
Hidden jewel . If you land and vegas and need quick meal that will get your trip started well . . . Hit Robertos . Next to Rental Car Center . Perfect and great tacos .
Great selection and great people . Ordered a Ruger Blackhawk from Matt , lowest price in town and great service !
Very tasty ! We had the Malpeque oysters and a lobster roll that were quite delicious . Cool location , great food - I highly recommend trying this place out .
Had breakfast on Saturday . . . . homemade hash and eggs ! The coffee was great and the staff was prompt and friendly ! I recommend this place for a good meal ! ! !
Great people . Very kind , efficient and skilled . I will definitely go here again if need be .
Chicken sandwich is incredible , back patio is beautiful in summer , great staff , try the homemade lemonade ! !
Just like to say breakfast was really good , we will definetly come back , best on the strip !
Flavorful food from quality ingredients . Charming atmosphere . Back to the basics with a new age touch . Enjoyed the ahi sandwich & BBQ combo platter . Next time will have to try the fantastic looking shakes !
Good Bahn Mi ' s , and good price . Can ' t be $ 4 sandwiches . We had 3 different Bahn Mi and all were delicious .
Awesome food and staff . Every time ! ! Lentil soup is delicious . Hummus is amazing . Fresh ! ! I am a long time customer and will continue to enjoy Aladdin ' s weekly ! !
Great place if you are looking for a friendly attentive customer service . They will come to your place , give free estimate and also offer paint colour consultation . Definitely a convenient stop for blinds / curtains
Amazing noodles and the cold dishes were delicious too . Fast service and all the food tasted authentic . Would come back many times if I lived in Pittsburgh !
Joyce is amazing ! She thinks outside the box and finds best skincare routine for you . I see a big difference in my skin since I started going to Privy Skin Care .
The best ! Hands down , we drive from mint hill just for MJ ' s . Plus a handful of doughnut holes with your order .
Best BBQ chicken for the price . You never leave hungry .
Great selection of fresh donuts , super friendly ! Cash only but there is ATM on site .
yeah I ' m not into musicals , but this is really good . I had fun and I laugh my ass off . . . A must go if you ' re in Vegas
Best seafood in town . But please do your best to sit at the bar . Some of the friendliest folks around . Worth it . Oysters are the best . Shrimp poboy is great too .
Best park in Scottsdale , ride your bike forever and never tire . Ducks everywhere , freeze bee games and all .
Very well selected bakery and deli . Small coffee shop , with excellent lunch specials . There is also a store in the same building , with a good selection of both kitschy and quality European products .
Great place . I loved Blizz . They should put these things everywhere .
Keelah ! ! ! ! Shout out to that girl ! Rockabilly cut with a hardline ! Did a great job and even hooked it up with some Lay Rite !
What a great Tea house ! Delicious Boba tea I had the Okinawa milk tea my gf has the Matcha green tea and both were very delicious
Macey is an awesome with her customer service . . . . The burritos and bowls on point oh and love the beans both kind great salsa friendly staff .
GIANI ' S Pizza is just as good as the previous Mark Riches . Seems some of the same employees are still working here . The food is excellent , I highly recommend this place for quality pizza .
Such a unique menu that someone recognized where I was when I tweeted that I got a chicken philly and blueberry lemonade . Good food and service ; the wait was not long .
This is our favorite place for brunch ! The food is very delicious . I love breakfast special # 2 ! It feels like at grandma ' s home : ) ) ) )
Only hotel in the area with a pool . The only reason why we chose this place . It was a good choice .
amazing food ! love the yellow thin noodles and the mutton rolls
Pretty close to authentic Chinese cantonese style food . My dad , born and raised in Hong Kong likes this place quite a bit . Salt and Pepper pork chops and Honey Walnut Shrimp are a must try .
Great place to bring your kids . The Doctors and staff here are amazing ! !
This place is top notch , especially the staff ! Too bad I have to drive 30 minutes to this place for some real boba fix . Must try the sea salt !
Awesome gourmet barbecue , would stand up to any of the best barbecue restaurants in Kansas City .
Friendly , cute , locally owned coffee shop . The baristas are knowledgeable and helpful , and the food is great too ! Great spot tucked away from the hassles of life . Try the granola .
Dr . Nack and his staff are the best ! They got me in and out promptly when I had a dental issue . I highly recommend them to anyone !
Super authentic " Western " bar / BBQ joint in Scottsdale . Absolutely FANTASTIC FOOD and ambience . Never ever had better BBQ . A must when in the Scottsdale / Phoenix area
Didn ' t eat there but had a super fun sunny day on the patio , and played some corn hole for giggles .
Just walking in the gym felt awesome ! I can ' t wait to start ! The atmosphere and people seemed genuine and amazing . . . . Wish me luck ! ! !
Mary is an awesome practitioner who comes from the heart . She has many skills and is very competent .
Dr Ted is the best ! ! I definitely recommend seeing him . He ' s very knowledgeable & cares about all his patients !
We were looking for good doughnut shop and we came across this one we totally loved the doughnuts
Super cheap food that is quick and delicious . I ' m glad they have vegan options . Make sure no fish sauce is added .
Always wanted to try this place and was glad that I did . The food was awesome and had plenty of leftovers .
Amazing food and service . Loved the hummus plate and chicken tabbouleh salad for lunch . Will come here whenever I ' m in Phoenix .
Frutilandia is an awesome place when I ' m craving seafood , shaved ice or fruit ! Ya no tengo que extrañar los antojos mexicanos ! !
Happy Hour is the best time to go ! The beef empanadas and coconut shrimp is flavorful . The ultimate pina colada is refreshing . The warm chocolate pineapple upside down cake is to die for .
Best groomers I ' ve found for my cavaliers ! They have always done a beautiful job and seem to love the animals . I wouldn ' t take my two anywhere else .
This place has the best vietnamese food in town . My kids and I enjoy their food everytime we come to this place .
An amazing small shop with great design , and even better food . The Crispy Chicken Sandwich = life . Plus , you can ' t leave without trying their take on Bread Pudding !
Love this little place ! Stopped in last night and got some garlic brats to grill . Delicious and juicy ! Will be going back .
Solid service . our Home Warranty has had these guys come out twice now for 2 seperate issues . Both times they were prompt and friendly and fixed the issue . No complaints .
Small space , friendly service , and a stellar food experience . Everything was well prepared and presented . We ' ve been here before and we ' re back for a reason .
Crystal did an amazing job on our 1yrs olds cake and smash cake ! I sent her photos of what designs we liked and she combined them and made them perfect ! Cake tasted amazing too !
Not impressed at all i had the pasta and mussels and my date had fetuchini alfredo no flavor very dissapointed . Marie calendars out does this place by far .
Couldn ' t be happier with FSP . They were professional and extremely knowledgeable . I hope to never have a plumbing emergency again but if I do , I know exactly who to call .
Excellent vet ! They were able to treat our boxer ( that has severe allergies ) quickly and efficiently !
The fish tacos are delicious . They have good unsweetened mango tea . The manager and employees are super friendly .
My husband and I just celebrated our 26th wedding anniversary and Chima treated us like royalty . Best service we have ever had in Uptown . We will definitely be back .
Great sushi , fresh and full of flavor . Good deal for the prices which are reasonable . Service is great , writing this review is making me hungry .
This is the best pizza ever . I am originally from NYC and used to think it was Johns in the Village but I am changing my mind .
Diverse , clean , indoor and outdoor dining . Apple store , Starbucks , MAC , Nordstrom , And free WiFi . Beautiful decor . Nice mall .
Great Thai food ! Simple plates for if you don ' t really eat Thai and other Thai favorites ! ! !
Great food , drinks , and reggae music playing . and always quiet . Would love to see live reggae music
Unreal bakery . Great food and staff . Come early if you want a greater selection of items because a lot of their stuff will be gone by dinner . Favourites : Olive bread Rice balls Red sauce
Was at this store today and I the store and staff just fantastic and the prices were great they can count on my business more often
Smells and task like the real one . The place need some more investment the chairs and the tables not so comfy but the waffle real tasty and the ice creams are special
Sam was great . Very friendly and knowledgeable . The overall bed buying experience was awesome .
Amazing Greek food and fun service ! I ' ve lived in Phoenix for twenty years and this is the best Greek restaurant I ' ve been to .
Classic Margarita , Street Corn and Carnitas Tacos was a awesome dinner . Definitely some of the best tacos in Pittsburgh . I will be back !
Love the oysters and the staff . I am actually a regular here . They also have these amazing char ' d oysters that are cooked with a Parmesan crust and garlic bread . The drinks are awesome too
Love this location . I recommend Sandra . I ' ve been to her twice so far for a Brazilian and she was very personable which made it less awkward .
Best place to eat Italian food . My husband loves it and he says it feels juts like in NY Italian restaurant . We ' re coming back again .
Thank you Justin for doing a great job on our carpet we will definitely be using your services again
Food is great , hard to find good Pakistani food in Vegas ' s . Nikki was a wonderful host / server . Food came fast . Must try if in town
Their Mocha Mamon Sponge Cake is really good ! It ' s not an overly sweet sponge cake which I enjoy a lot . The girl cashier working was nice . The place was also really organized .
Love this place . Honest . Reliable . Competitive pricing . They have a service app as well for tracking my vehicles and service info . And the arcade waiting area is brilliant .
Baton Rouge is easily my favorite restaurant in Montreal ! The food and the atmosphere are always great .
Excellent service , delicious appetizers and food , and great place to watch sports or check on scores while dining and socializing . Loved it .
Awesome All American whiskey drink . Bourbon bar is chill and great patio . We didn ' t eat here but menu looked good .
My office brought the mini bundt cakes in for a birthday and I thought I could eat the whole box . The vanilla was delicious !
My wife took me to this theatre last weekend wow love the seats ! Most comfortable place to watch a movie anywhere . Totally recomend this place to others
A co - worker brought me back a shrimp cevice tostada for lunch today . Once again it was DELICIOUS ! !
Wow ! Must say I ' m impressed ! Love the variety of greens , grains & veggies to choose from to create your own meal . Highly recommend & definitely would visit again !
Team needs a new home arena in Vegas for next season . 5 Stars for the Wranglers - 10 for Boyd Gaming for being greedy and evicting Vegas ' team on such short notice . BOYD GAMING SUCKS
Love this spot ! ! ! Great atmosphere , live music and service . Cigar selection is great but you can also bring your own cigar they don ' t try to ding you .
Egg - Works is a great establishment . The food was very good : 10 / 10 would recommend Michelle as a waitress ( we had ten people , all ten agreed she was awesome )
absolutely love the margarita pizza here . And super reasonable . Get the slices for best experience
I came here with a friend today and got a beef platter . Wow it was the best beef shawarma plate I had ever had . I will definetly be returning from Mississauga .
Tire going flat . Kirk got me in and out in less than an hour ! Fixed slow leak . Checked spare out . You guys are awesome ! Thanks .
Exceptional experience . We had so much fun ! Highly recommend this Segway ride . Jordan was a wonderful Trainer / Tour Guide .
I love this place . The flavors are incredible . They make a great mole sauce . Great tamales and the sides are delicious . You can ' t find a better Hispanic place in CLE
I love this place , the corned beef is excellent and the prices are good . Great little deli .
Service is excellent , I love the red chicken curry lunch special with spice at level 1 . I ' m so glad they are in my neighborhood !
Great food . Good veggie options . I always get canai , the golden tasty tofu is spectacular .
Really like this place . Great food and cool alternative fountain drinks . They also source a lot of their produce / raw materials from local farmers . Enjoy !
Great beer great food great wifi and good people . This place is a gem . Love the meatball sliders ! Great for lunch and dinner , nice crowd but nice too busy either .
Phoenix Pharmacy is the best . The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable . They have had all medications I ' ve ever needed in stock ( 10 + different kind of medications at least ) .
Always great food and great service . Happy hour is one of a kind and always hits all points . Just a reminder , happy hour is busy busy , so have some damn patience : )
Very nice Hotel , large rooms nice inside , we lived at 53 floors , very quiet and the staff are very friendly
My personal favorite sushi spot It helps that they are always open With great hours small little spot but a great place would recommend
Great area to take the family or solo to enjoy the day , sights and sounds . Plenty of retail nearby to grab a coffee or food . The falls are amazing and so close to downtown
Don ' t go here very often but I enjoy it and really liked our server Alex . He was great and made some grate suggestions for next time .
Cold beer and good prices . If you ' re looking to watch a game you can always find a tv .
We have never had any issues . When we call customer service they come out next day . I am always notified ahead of time when they will be out to our house .
Small but mighty great pizza always fresh family run and they take care of your hungry with delicious pizza
These are my favorite . Everyone that works there is polite and helpful . They serve in both French and English . Bagels are being made while you are there . Their cream cheese is delicious as well .
Super clean nice buffet . Huge selection . All you can eat crab legs 20 bucks . Delicious .
they were referred by our home warranty company . Fast , courteous , and professional .
I just wanted to say the office manager Julina ( sorry for the spelling ) is awesome ! ! She ' s very friendly and is a pleasure to work with !
Love this place . The pizza is phenomenal ! ! Definitely one of the best pizza places in Cleveland area .
Great place . Pool tables , music , great service .
Simply put , the best steak i ' ve ever had in my life . Our server was wonderful , knowledgeable , and attentive .
Great food here and they have awsome service ! Vary clean and the employees are courteous and attentive .
Sushi Chef Johnny is very experienced and efficient . Entire staff was attentive . Fish was quite palatable . I will be back . AYCE was a value at $ 22
Incredible sales ! The staff is extremely friendly and helpful . They make sure you get exactly what you want for the best price possible ! The go - to matress store !
Awesome spot to get some work done and enjoy a good espresso . One of my favorite cafés in the city .
Absolutely love this place to take my dog ! ! The staff is so friendly and they do an amazing job on my cocker spaniel ! !
Excellent pho , best I ' ve had in a while . Customer service is wonderful . If you like pho you must stop by , I ' m sure we will be .
Good food , good service . We got the blackened chicken sandwich and chicken paprikash . Enjoyed both
This place is so amazing ! My pho is veggie , no meat broth and is so cute and the staff is awesome . When I come back to Phoenix I will come here again !
Such a lovely salon . So much personality . When you walk in Suzanne always makes you feel welcome and like family . All the girls are great and experienced . Best salon in Chagrin Falls by far !
The coconut chicken is amazing . The staff is super friendly and the lunch special is a great deal !
This was a great service ! Chris thank you so much we had a blast in vegas and save tons ! I would recommend this to anyone visiting vegas and wanna hit up the clubs and pool parties !
Joni & Elaine did a great job with both are kids haircuts . Got mine right after . They were both very nice & professional . Would definitely recommend this place .
Great place for tacos . Food comes out fast and the service is great . Don ' t forget to try their ice cream on the way out either !
Great tasting coffee , and awesome prices ! I get my growlers filled with their cold brew and the prices are unbeatable for the quality of coffee . Highly recommend !
Great delicious desserts ! ! ! It ' s a must visit . . . The owners is so nice and informative . . . . Please visit ! ! ! Clarissa is a wonderful person
I agree with the hype . I would go during happy time and order the burger . Its so ono
I ' m giving the hotel a big fat 5 . It was a typically Hampton Inn , but the staff were excellent .
Wow wow wow Absolutely amazing Expensive but well worth every dollar Make sure you visit
Barrio catering is fantastic ! Excellent , reasonably priced food delivered on time with all the utensils and serving dishes you need . It ' s a laid back , delicious crowd - pleaser !
Lovely Italian restaurant . Fresh pasta , great sauces , delicious garlic rolls , and the pizza is the best !
WinCo consistently puts the best deals on groceries . Also has the best bulk food options .
New Years 2016 ! I really enjoyed the salad and the Fillet was amazing . The mashed potatoes had too much onions , but still eatable . I loved the meal !
So good that a one hour drive doesn ' t stop us . . . Delicious ! ! ! Best combination , Nutella + banana + cinnamon ice cream ! ! ! We love it !
Very friendly employees ! Generous servings ! Serve yourself beer taps with a great selection . Was extremely pleasantly surprised and will be willing to come back many more times even from south scottsdale !
We went for lunch today for the first time . We had two hot sandwiches which were both really good . Going back another time soon for some wings and beer !
Perfect shrimp tacos . Great flavors . Very inexpensive . Nice break from baja fresh and chipotle . Flavors are more authentic mexican . We went back twice we liked it so much .
It ' s great to have a place like stamps that leaves you happy and confident when having your car serviced . Both Tim and Mike have never let me down .
Excellent food and service ! Love their Turkish subs , the best I ' ve ever tastes anywhere .
We love coming to sushi 21 ! They are awesome and accommodate exactly what you want . The staff is super kind and attentive . Thank you sushi 21 ! !
Great manicure and pedicure . It is a pleasant salon and they did a super job on my nails . Very meticulous and careful . A nice find in the Pinnacle Peak area !
Great food with great prices . One of the many few places that don ' t surcharge for using your card .
The ice cream is great , even though they have somehow defied logic and left out all dairy items . Bravo . I ' ll be back to this cool neighborhood spot .
I LOVE the Maurice ' s in Spanish Springs ! The staff are friendly and helpful and there clothes are cute and reasonably priced .
The food was excellent , this place has filled a void in my culinary life ! One of the best katsu curries I ' ve had and the ramen was great !
Fantastic for dumplings . Several locations . A huge variety of items on menu . Open late .
Loved the Ferraro Rocher gelato . Order that if you come here ! Fast service even though it was quite busy .
Just called this place and the lady was very nice and extra helpful . They did not provide the services I needed , but they gave me some great ideas .
A must go to in Vegas . Amazing food and drinks . No signs out front , just a big wooden door . Always busy , but worth the wait .
Great little place to get your pedi done . Nicest dress tech ' s I ' ve ever encountered in my 30 + years of getting my nails done . Nice clean place . WONDERFUL pedi !
Angry gorilla is awesome for handling and optimizing all your social media and marketing needs . Charles will take care of you , he really knows how to generate traffic which is the lifeblood of any business .
Just having a bit of a lunch at holy grill , first time here , have coffee cake and coffee , it ' s good stuff . Cozy little spot .
Really great food , nice menu , great wait staff , we had a great birthday for my Grandfather here and really enjoyed the semi private room .
This is the best place to get boba in my opinion it never fails but the thing I would change is the sizing it would be great for this damn place to be bigger .
Excellent service and for the price food was very good . . . will try carry out delivery .
I have been there twice , the food and deserts are really good . The owner she is really nice lady！they speaks good English and the menus is English version
Everything from top to bottom was excellent . The service was professional and informative . But , the food was just to die for ! Our table ordered a large variety and LOVED every bite .
This is officially my go to place for tacos ! ! They have the best meat and cooked to perfection ! Try the pastor tacos and asada burrito , you won ' t be let down
I have been here multiple times and have had nothing but amazing service ! All the staff is great . Awesome with kids and very thorough . The web check in is so convenient ! Use it .
Great sports bar , amazing deck in the summer and fantastic wings . Ample parking with back lot and garage across the street . Multiple rotating drafts on tap .
This place is so cute after the remodel . The inside is like any regular Krispy Kreme but there is plenty of seating .
Always stop by the food court . Good for snacks and for people watching . This is even better than the malls in LA and Orange County .
Best Italian food I ' ve ever had so far . Delicious meat ravioli . Lamb chops and pesto spaghetti was amazing as well . They have a good wine selection too .
Best Ramen I ' ve had in town . Good portion sizes . Try the mango shrimp appetizer . Would definitely come back . Great service .
I go here once a week and it is unbelievable every time . Fresh fish flown in from Japan .
Came here twice for the all you can eat sushi and it ' s real good ! They bring the food out fast and the service is nice and friendly . This is my new go to s
Amazing place and the friendliest staff . Awesome food just tops it off . Visiting from California and this is a must to return to !
Good bartenders , good food = goodtimes ! ! ! great food and service ! Got to try this place pho u r self ! ! !
WENT HERE for a girls night out and I loved it we all did . Great service everyone was chill yet professional and the food is so yummy . One of my top places
Finally an Asian food market that ' s close by ! Love it ! Clean since it ' s still new . Workers are nice and they sell filipino food too ! ! !
Everything was amazing , went for restaurant week . The Mediterranean Branzi , shrimp , appetizer , and the bananas foster dessert was amazing . Jazz music was good too .
This place has such a variety of food options . Great breakfast spot . The potatoes are amazing and the princes are decent .
Excellent food , reasonable price , quick service , neat and clean , and its HALAL . What else you want .
Amazingly fresh and you can order right from Yelp . The taste of the Tom ka ! Way up there and out of bounds flavor
Ooohhhh the pancakes . They are sooooo good ! Wait staff is fast and friendly and the food is always great !
Great coffee and I am a drip guy . I am not sure if I ever had such a great experience in a cafe before . . . . you need to try it yourself .
Very good burgers and friendly attentive service . My husband said the shipwreck burger was very good . Hula burger was also delicious . The white truffle fries were flavorful and maybe an acquired taste .
This is by far the best Japanese restaurant in 2014 for me . The servers were friendly and knowledgeable . Buri and Daikon was amazing . And the beer selections were exquisite .
Good food , cold beer , good tunes , great service , comfortable atmosphere . Come check this place out !
A smal cozy reataurant with only 5 tables . Great food and service and it ' s BYOB ! It is closed sometimes for catering so call before you go . I love the Green Hatch Chile .
For a chain quick eatery it is great . The people here and super friendly and it is easy quick service . The food isn ' t incredibly compelling
Best place to DIY for doggie bath !
I know people may not think Vegas is a reading town , but thanks to LVCC Library , we have incredible resources . Thank you for all the reading , listening and watching pleasure you bring me !
Really good food , crab legs and the hibachi is on point . All for a really good price .
Love it ! Been here many times and each time the fish is so fresh and yummy ! Highly recommend this sushi . Best sushi in Aurora !
Dr Rhoades knows what he is doing . Quickly analyzed my needs , and gets right to the heart of the problem .
Best tour ever ! I learned so much . Friendly staff and so informational . Great time . Well worth the $ 11 ticket . Took so many pictures .
Ahahahahahaha America : ) So much alcohol . So so so so much alcohol . Mega size bottles . Samplings ! Every type of tequila known to man . And cheap as hell .
Love this place my fav breakfast the cheese grits are amazing apple wood bacon yum The staff is great sometimes there ' s lines but there never that long and they never take that long
CRG is great ! Went for the first time this past Wednesday and it was cookout night ! The customers and staff are very friendly and helpful ! Can ' t wait to go again !
Pork loin trust me , order it . As an appetizer get the goat cheese dip , there is a subtle spice that grows and stops at the perfect moments .
Great price . Good food . Ask for dragon he is a true artist . Takes time to make each dish ! ! ! YUMMMM
Get the spot by the grill if you want a little heat on you . The food was phenomenal .
Probably one of my favorite pie spots . Just got a White Chocolate Macadamia Nut pie . Can ' t wait to cut into it
I absolutely love this place for coffee , small bite , or dessert . Phenomenal homemade soups . Staff is very friendly and quick service
The best Greek food in The immediate area without question . The service is great , people are nice , and the baklava is the bomb . Worth checking out no doubt !
Great place for udon soup . Always go hete for seafood udon soup , which is plenty to fill me up . Have tried appetizers on the menu , which is also good .
Jace with Adventure Entertainment was the perfect DJ for our wedding at The Smith Center . He was very attentive , paid attention to detail and kept the party alive ! ! ! Thank you , Jace !
I have been going to Posh for over 2years . By far , the best place ever ! ! LyLy does both my gel nails and pedicure and she is fabulous and quick ! !
Amazing fast food Chinese place . Good portions and fast service . Plus good food . I ' ll recommend it to anyone
Beautiful dream of a store . I have been coming to Asian Images since they were in Henderson and love every single purchase I have made from there . Really an extraordinary place if you love Asian decor .
NO SMOKING ! ! ! ! Such a fun place ! Bartender Abey ROCKS ! Doug is pretty cool too ! Check them out ! Friday ' s rocking the bar AT Al ' s Garage !
Awesomeness . Delicious ! ! ! Excellent value . Homemade everything . You gotta go get your pierogi on ! ! ! !
Fantastic studio ! The energy in every class is amazing ! Check out Lindsay ' s class for a great class where you ' ll feel better when you walk out then when you came in !
The best burgers in the world . First place I go to when coming to Akron .
Awesome place , especially on Iowa Hawkeye nights . Alyssa was a great server , and entertaining during the game . Definitely recommend this place and ask for Alyssa !
Oh man their torta de milanesa is the best ! I really love their green salsa its spicy with excellent spicy level ! And their tacos alpastor are the best !
Elaine has cut my hair twice now , and she does an amazing job ! Highly recommend her and this Great Clips location if you need a great haircut !
Fantastic . . . . simple flavors done extremely well . Great service , fun environment , extremely attractive menu . Looking forward to my next visit .
Their spider rolls were some of the best I have had . Service might be slow but they usually give me a free cup of green tea while I wait for my order .
Food was excellent ! ! ! Plus free coconut ice cream for dessert . Will definitely be coming back .
Fast friendly , they honor the coupon from yelp 15 dollars off definitely be back when I pass through Las Vegas and need a oil change
Tina did an awesome job on my nails . Everyone was so nice and fun . Great experience and I will definitely be back !
Savory Pho with Chicken , so good ! ! ! !
Scott was really nice and was super fast at his job ! Great customer service ! Sucks that they don ' t have the DMV services but that ' s okay !
Absolute favorite salon . Always a long lasting fill , and they have so many colors to chose from .
My mushroom tacos were delicious through and through , from the tender , delicate taco shell to the creamy sauce .
Always a great and friendly environment at Man Cave . I met Charles the week they opened . Love it . A great neighborhood getaway .
Modern convenience meets mommas cooking . Burgers are hard to pass up , but there are several other menu items that are awesome . Chicken fingers for one . Try the garlic fries if you dare .
Loved the sushi bowl , and staff was friendly . I have went to 2 locations and both time was very satisfied with my food and service .
Mother nature at its best ! $ 5bucks entrance fee and you got miles of scenic view . A must visit for people who want to try something different while in sin city .
This place was great ! Everything couldn ' t have been better . The food and service couldn ' t be beat . We will definitely be going back here on our next trip !
We were pleasantly surprised and loved our food . We had the Colombian and Napolitano . Looking forward to going back and trying more of there menu .
Love this office ! Such a personal approach and great service that you don ' t get with big offices . Even though we moved 35 miles away , will happily be making the drive still !
Went there again this week and had a great meal and great service . This place is definitely a step up from tacos and burritos and it is worth it .
This is my first review on yelp as I am too lazy Very clean place and food is nice too . Cannot believe the price - too good but true .
Great prices . Amazing customer service . Other gun shops like Shooters World have horrible customer service and are over priced . I will be returning for future purchase . Thank you so much !
Really great food and service Fish tacos were amazing , literally one of the best I ' ve had The key lime pie was super and interesting ( a little different ) . Highly recommended
If you like a small town diner you will love this place . Seating is limited but the food and portions are large and you walk away very satisfied . You will return .
Great food , excellent service and beautiful staff ! Won ' t be disappointed near the Strip .
Such a great atmosphere ! The food was delish and our server was friendly and attentive to our needs ! We have been to all of the Vig locations and this one did not disappoint !
This place was awesome ! It ' s like a chipotle Mediterranean style . All there food is fresh and they don ' t even have a freezer and you can taste it . Check out my picture
Absolutely delicious pizza in the heart of Old Montréal . Great for groups or small intimate settings . We came with a group of 8 and ordered a bunch of different things . Hey have wifi too !
A top notch BMX racing facility for all skill levels , from beginners to professionals . Recently had a complete rebuild of the track and its looking better than ever ! Super fun place to ride !
Great pork sliders ! Best tasting margaritas that I had to have 2 ! The bartender Jeffery makes great drinks and is very helpful with choosing foods .
Cruisin 7 th Saturday morning cocktails ! The best ! They open at6 am and Frank the Saturday morning bartender rocks ! Delicious bloody Mary ' s ! Amazing margaritas and good tunes !
I can ' t even with this place . . . . 5 stars isn ' t enough . Amazing food , even better atmosphere : ) When friends come into town this is where we go !
Great margarita pizza ! Nice place to grab lunch with a big group . Tastes very similar to the famous lombardis in NYC .
Always a good experience at this place . I hope my hubby surprises me this year again and we end up at Mastro ' s having strawberries and that home made cream
Great place to catch a summer dog . Good food , fast which is amazing given how popular they are and they have a fair amount of variety on their menu .
This is the best place to eat in Vegas is the only restaurant in Vegas I know that is sincerely old school Brat pack
I received a light facial from Lorri and my skin looked fabulous the next day . Her room is so spacious and yet cozy and inviting . She has a great touch . I would Highly recommend .
I love this place . Amazing food always great service . Shout out to Nica she was great tonight .
Clean ambiance . Tasty wrap . Served hot with lots of customization . A great lunch spot .
Really great Chinese food . Loved the hot and sour soup and kung pao chicken and shrimp . Great service too , very quick and attentive .
OK , This place is your typical local pizza joint . Good pizza . Great Staff and Fun Enviroment . Been going here for three years . Never a bad experience !
Super great fro some cheap beer and PUNK ! !
Got a remote starter put in . Shaun did a great job , was patient and took his time teaching me how to use all the functions and the waiting room was comfy and warm ! Highly recommended
Great food , great queso , and the atmosphere is cool . A must do in the NODA area .
My favorite place to visit when in AZ ! Great food & fun family environment ! Don ' t miss it ! !
Great Food , Wonderful Daily Specials , outstanding Service for Great Prices . Unbeatable in so many ways but come early or late to avoid the rush .
My favorite Hakka restaurant by far ! The food here was amazing and very authentic . Would definitely recommend to anyone that loves Hakka food or is trying out the cuisine for the first time !
Honestly for a Bar , This place has really good burgers . Great Prices , Amazing food and services . Thank you .
Ask for Amy . She gives a fabulous haircut and the price is unbelievable . She ' s worth giving a tip for as much as she charges for the cut .
Acupuncture has reduced the pain I ' ve had with multiple military related aches , injuries and headaches . Great for relieving various types of stress . An added bonus is free acupuncture for veterans .
Service was great . Placed was pretty crowded for a Tuesday night . Makes sense though , the food is awesome and reasonably priced . We all really liked our dishes .
Open for lunch now too ! Super stoked on this place . Great beer and food . Hours need to be updated on here quick .
Great crew at AEO . Helpful and friendly even when working with non Husky bikes . Heck even working on Italian sport bikes they get me parts in 2 days . Solid price on tires and parts always .
Order the margherita pizza and topp with italian sausage . . . Can ' t go wrong . Always good , but Spinatoes super 6 has them beat for best pizza in valley . . .
Friendly staff with delicious samples convinced me to forgo a street hotdog and pop in for lunch . Fast , good prices and yummy . And you can customize your own rooms .
Great service . Lovely staff . They really know how to take care of you and make you feel comfortable . Would difinitely recommend to anyone in vegas especially thoes who are by the unlv campus .
PRETZELS ARE THE BOMB ! Fun place with great patio and food ! We always stop there before or after games downtown . Staff is so nice !
Great food , my husband and I love Mediterranean food and We were very pleased that we found this place . We only can recommend it and we will be back for more .
Loooove this place and it ' s great food . Prices are good and the service is always fast ! Late night cravings for rolled tacos , you can ' t go wrong .
Absolutely wonderful ! ! Went to AZ for a weekend vacation . I wanted a nice massage before I jumped on a plane back to California . The staff was very helpful and the massage was very relaxing !
Easily visible traveling Eastbound on Elliot . Great Service , Great Donuts , Great People ! Definitely come here to get that dozen of donuts for the office !
First time here and they were great service . I just needed to order contacts and I got my contacts 2 days after . Very speedy and everyone was really nice : )
This is an elegant mall that seems to go on and on . . . so much to see and do - A great place to pick up gifts , clothing and accessories .
I just enjoyed the best Denver Omelet ever . We had excellent food and fantastic service from Jamie . Thank you for an awesome start to my day . Love the cowboy ambiance .
Great atmosphere , friendly waiter , delicious pesto and baguette on table , great salads and pizza . Highly recommend !
Fantastic food and service ! Everything was so good and the service was fantastic . I took so many photos because of the colors and variety of meats . Highly recommended .
This place is Amazing ! And Momma ' s rice pudding . . . Good god ! Never not get the rice pudding !
Very helpful , professional staff here . Great selection , great service and this place is always open 24 / 7 ! Don ' t hesitate to ask questions as they will have the best answer for you !
The food is great ! I was really impressed with the presentation of the food too . Highly recommended
One of the best Things to do in Las Vegas ! service amazing , employee ' s are very friendly . Entertainment A + , Price A +
Excellent！！！C ' est vraiment très traditionnelle cuisine chinoise , j ' aime le bœuf avec tomato ! Et très bon service !
Fantastic food . Great service . Wonderful deals . If you come here know that the experience will be exemplary ! ! !
This place never disappoints ! Definitely my favorite sushi place in Vegas . Great service and ambiance .
Love to come here for the huge and delicious rib eye steak . The lamb chops are great also . For the dessert try the custard .
This is my go to for menudo ! It ' s not the fattiest menudo ( which I like ) . Great balance of spices . Also , the staff is super friendly !
Excellent food at excellent prices . Less than 200 yards from Stratosphere , near McDonalds . Great Pad Thai , Thai iced tea , fried rice .
Love love love Moe ' s ! The employees are nice , they remember me when I come in and , at least one of them has nearly memorized what I order ! They are considerate and kind .
This my fifth visit Usually I get the veal Marsala ( great great dish ) . This time I ordered the Branzini What a great light dish 430 calories Full of taste and perfection I would recommend .
A great place with a great Godly staff i love to go to the library as often as i possibly can the staff makes you feel welcome
Great food and service . Spice levels higher than usual . . just ask for one level lesser than your usual .
Best BBQ I ' ve found in CU . We ' ve been lucky as far as wait time , but the new location may help with that .
Warm and inviting service ; great food ; nice atmosphere ! Highly recommend . Can ' t say enough about the great service . exceptional !
Freshest fish and a wide selection of sushi . Sucks you can barely see their sign outside BUT don ' t miss this place ! !
I have rented from BPM 3 times in the past 23 years . They are the best rental company I have found . Honest & prompt with repairs .
This is one of favorite pizza places in the city . Incredible pizza , good and personal service , great bartenders and excellent ownership . You need to give this place a try ! !
Had lunch here a couple of times . Great meat , kimchi and the service was excellent . Will return for sure .
Got tacos to go ! World class tuna taco ! Avocado pasta salad as a side was heavenly . We definitely be a return customer .
Great experience . Donie was very pleasant and competent . Completed job quickly and educated me on how to avoid future problems . I am very pleased with this company ! ! !
I finally got my chrome nails done here . Everyone in the shop was so kind . My favorite nail shop in Vegas !
Great farm to table brunch , fun music ( the Cure , Bowie , Queen , & Dire Straits ) , Picasso art , awesome Bloody , and great service . Life is good
Had heirloom tomatoes with grilled swordfish , shishito peppers and the bourbon smash , and that was the best meal I ' ve had during my entire stay in Phoenix .
Best fry bread I have every had . I had the Chile verde ! They have a really friendly staff . Great place ! Go there now
Simply amazing food , was traveling home from Florida and discovered this gem everyone should try
This place is kinda hidden . . but great food ! ! And also hoping for more locations ! : )
Their glass noodles are amazing . Food is great , reasonably priced . We love it here .
Absolutely love this place . Espresso is smooth and food is great ! We are here probably 5 times a week for espresso .
Best New York style pizza in New Ken area . . . . family owned and operated . Great sauce and cheese . Won ' t find a bad thing on the menu .
Omg lo maximo unos de mis preferidos de Las vegas . El ceviche de camaron es lo maximo . One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas . The shrimp ceviche is the best ! !
We just purchased a couch , computer table and chair here . Rashard helped us and was absolutely great ! He was extremely helpful and had great customer service .
Nice and clean setting for indoor trampoline jumping . Good work out for both kids and adults .
Good food . Great value . Cool atmosphere . 45c wings on Tuesdays and 2 dollar domestics for happy hour
Stephanie is the best ! She actually makes doing my company taxes a joy . Have been using her for 4 years now and would recommend her to everyone in need of CPA services !
Great little H & R . It was empty when I went to get something notarized , it was very quick , and it was free ! The staff that I talked to was very pleasant .
Outstanding service , food and atmosphere . Friendly staff . Live music in the bar . Nice , fun evening !
First time here . The pho , vietnamese crepe , and egg rolls were very good . Will definitely be back !
Great waitress . Good was great . Had the pork burrito with smothered cheese . And can never go wrong with bottomless chips and salsa
Awesome dinner . Oysters and call chop were amazing . The sommelier was great ! Picked an awesome Syrah .
Just had a full set and pedi with Maribel and it was amazing ! My feet are so smooth and I love the pure white look I was going for !
Delicious ! Every time I go on there are new creative flavors , and the quality is excellent . I really appreciate there support of local products as well !
Our favorite coffee house in Shaker . Plus has a fabulous boutique , gallery attached . Music on Thursday nights . Wine and beer also .
I can not stop eating Viva Chicken . It ' s the best food in this world . The stir fry rice is my absolute favorite for lunch but their hot sauce is to die for .
AJ and Lexy the dynamic duo ! ! Super friendly and helpful not to mention patient with 2 patrons that could not make up their minds ! LOL .
Such a clean and nice spa . I use the cryotherapy and i love it so much . The people at the front desk are very friendly and they have great specials .
Mariah at the Wexford salon was lovely ! She did a fantastic job on my lashes ! I ' m in love with them ! I highly recommend her : )
Bar tenders make speciality drinks . Tell them what you like and BAM ! excellent krafts ^ make what ever creation you want . Great speak easy place in Vegas . A must visit
Good atmosphere . Food was prepared quickly and all ingredients used were fresh and tasty .
Very pleasant office with gentle dentistry . My appointment was on time and the visit progressed quickly . I have only good things to say about my visit . Will be back .
First time here first impression very clean very friendly got my manicure done very beautiful work on Jaclyn definitely did a good job
Crispy noodle is perfect and Pho soup is great ! Highly recommendable . We ' re from Baltimore and if ever in town we will surely come back .
Another visit and this place never disappoints . Love their pizza and we had the blueberry cheesecake tonight and it was amazing . Thank you .
Thanks to Nijell and the rest of the staff here for being so quick and efficient ! Great job y ' all !
Went to get a shave and beard trim . My face and beard have never looked better . Best Barber shop I have ever been to .
Love the blizzards ! Love this place . Trying to stay away though ! ! Ice - cream has too much sugar ! Ha ha !
I tried this yesterday for the first time with my inlaws . . . . everything was AWESOME ! Service , food , atmosphere . . . . love it ! Can ' t wait to go back !
Today was my first visit at Aura and all I can say is wow ! Great price point , spotless salon , friendly staff , high quality products , just an overall wonderful salon .
Clean place , friendly staff , food delicious and they were extremely flexible when we asked for vegan options .
Loved the warm peanut salad dressing on the salad bar , loved the flavor and freshness of our meals . Great atmosphere . We will be back !
Ryan and his crew awesome customer service . . great food My favorite the chicken wings . .
I go every time I visit vegas . Love how I can order as I go . Very clean and modern atmosphere . And that happy hour is great ! !
Look for Sandy in appliances and Richard in kitchens . The nicest people ever . We spent three hours together planning for a new house . Loved them ! ! ! ! !
Took my 2 best friends today instead of my usual party of 11 + everything was exceptional and they also had a new coconut cream puff that looked like challah !
I go to this restaurant more than once a week ! The food is very fresh , very tasty and owner is very nice . I highly recommend the breakfast sandwich but everything i have eaten there is amazing
It ' s a great clinic . I ' ve seen Dr . Woods 3 times for my 2 cats , she is always accommodating , calm and knowledgeable . Staff are friendly and professional .
Simply the best General Tso ' s Chicken I ' ve ever had ! Spring rolls were great as we ' ll . This will become a favorite lunch date spot for years to come !
Lots of vegetarian options and great service ! Love their selection of vegetarian soup noddles , and their vegetarian curry . Highly recommended ! !
Best Black Bear Diner my Husband and i evet ate service was excelent the food was great . Kept with tradition . Well will definitely go back there again . mmm good .
Julia ' s customer service makes you feel like home and her long time guest absolutely love her we had an amazing breakfast with my husband and two kids . We will definitely be back ; )
Love the menu , they give you a huge amount on your plate . and the inside is very inviting .
I love this Panda Express go there all the time . . Sandra always so friendly , excellent customer service . . thank u
I love this place ! Super fresh ingredients and the food is spot on every time . I would highly recommend !
Great naija food , I ordered their jollof rice , vegetable soup , stewed Goat meat , pepper soup , and they all hit the spot .
This is a cool small ( space well utilized ) Second Hand ( Second Look ) Book Store ! Great staff ! Friendly ladies working here seem to be glad to help !
Ask for Diane ! She ' s the best ! ! ! Cottonball look so handsome and his haircut is amazing ! ! !
This restaurant is right across the street from my place the food is always excellent pricing is reasonable and the staff is always very courteous .
Super friendly and the croissant with egg and ham was oh so delicious , very reasonable prices I would go back
Matthew and Elaine make the most refreshing cocktails and always put on a great show ! ! Best bar in Cleveland ! !
Hilarious . Awesome feel good entertainment . Something for everyone and it gets better every time I see them it . One of my favorite Vegas shows . - Adam
Always great food and very friendly staff . Great little neighborhood take out place . They do have a few tables if you choose to eat in .
Great food and great service . Try to get a table near the glass and watch the divers .
This place is a great place to work out at . Very family orientated and not alot of wanna be meat heads .
Jonathan at Anna k is the best colourist in the city . Talented and so kind . The salon is beautiful and there is great customer service . I wouldn ' t go anywhere else ! : )
Delicious food and guacamole . We had a great time people watching on the Las Vegas Strip on a busy Friday night with live music playing .
Food is great and the hibachi chef was excellent . Highly recomend this place for great food and atmosphere . Will definitely come back .
Really great mole and birria . I also recommend the seafood tostadas . And I stop by at least 1 to 2 times a week just for their amazing fresh lemonade .
Love coming to this PT ' s for football on Sundays . They have all the games on and great service especially w / how busy it is .
I can not wait to come back to this place my favorites were the crispy beef , orange beef and pumpkin cheesecake , but everything was super yummy !
I tried creme brûlée milk tea boba and it was so good . The place is very clean and girly vibe . Would definite come back to try different flavors
the best in town , Master Nick is very good role model for young kids ! very intense gym for some of the best training around , can also take classes for cardio or self confidence
Amazing food , amazing staff ( Courtney ) , will definitely be back ! ! ! ! Couldn ' t have been a better experience ! !
Best hot dog in town with a variety of different toppings and styles . Amazing selection of beers in the back . Great place to go with friends on a Friday night !
Awesome park for Mountain edge ! I did have an issue getting pictures done there . The security hassled us but I understand the issue , still a great park .
Great service great food delish ! ! ! ! Really great choice in the variety offered and very particular with both Scottish and Moroccan influence .
Making the appointment was so convenient and EVERYONE was so good to me and my dog . Thank you
Second time here and we received amazing service sushi was fresh . Definitely coming back
The food and service is great ! The owner was even humble enough to come out and greet me and my buddy both times we are there .
Highly recommended . Family owned and operated . Great food . Great service . Great prices .
This place never fails me . Great service , the best shrimp rolls i have ever had . Do it !
Really good food , I had the the lemongrass soup , really tasty , the veg and overall food was fresh .
Most authentic mexican food in AZ finnaly ! You can feel that the quality of food comes from the fact that the establishment is still famil owned and opperated .
love this place - always sit at bar with friends and their quesadilla is delicious as well a their mojitos . Favorite bar in Tempe marketplace !
I always receive great service here . The staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly . No complaints !
Professional service that made me feel comfortable while working on my issues . I wish I could give this company a million stars . Thank you so much for all of the help - I HIGHLY recommend .
This place has great food and friendly service . Island food in Pittsburgh . . Sheesh . How can it be this good ? The owner loves his place , it seems , and that ' s how .
Roman was an amazing server , really nice , and speedy service ! Make sure to ask for roman when you come here !
Great burgers and fries , the best fried fish in town . I love the ranch . The pit stop is the kids favorite burger place to go to . The waitress are always very nice too .
For when I first walk in . The hospitality was very friendly . I only wait about a Half a minute . My lashes are so amazing . I wish it was one in Houston .
Great service . Great good . Fabulous clam chowder and French onion soup . Great steak salad and amazing coconut shrimp . Portions are large and price is reasonable .
For young kids this is nice and safe and the rates are Ok . They have lots of class choices and a donut shop next door where you can wait . Fun place
The casino os really nice . I came here for my 21st birthday and have been coming here since . Great atmosphere . Security is great . Food is ok too . I heard the buffet is excellent .
First time here and was good . . . Bathroom was clean and great customer service , recommend Enrique as a server . .
Best boba I ' ve had near Henderson ! Glad they opened up @ this location . No need to go to rainbow or Chinatown for good boba .
Try the cheese croissants ! !
I love Floyd ' s now known as Donna K ' s . best fried fish in Charlotte ! Best prices too . Casual dining or Take out !
Brittany was AMAZING ! Love love love my haircut ! She fixed my mistake and styled and cut it perfectly . And was so friendly and fun ! Highly recommend her ! !
This florist donated a beautiful centerpiece arrangement for a breast cancer awareness campaign and I was the lucky recipient of the drawing for it ! I just can ' t stop looking at it .
This place was great ! Huge portions for a low price . We tried both the salads and wraps on two different visits and both were great .
Yvonne cleaned my house and did a fantastic job ! I have two large dogs that shed constantly and she was able to leave my house looking spotless . I signed up for the recurring service
This bar is my fave ! Good food and draft beers . The bartenders are very attentive and it ' s a comfy , cozy place . Video poker is hot , I never seem to lose !
These guys are very professional and always do a great job . Fair prices , great service and . Set of all great looking property thanks to the great folks at Goodman .
yummmmmmmm
This was a great place it was fast price was great was able to negotiate and quality of work was excellent ! !
Great lil place . Food was delicious and the price is great . The only downfall is it probably only has 8 tables for seating . But overall I Highly recommend it .
No one can beat the mushroom and sausage pizza or pepperoni and mushroom ! ! Love it all ! ! !
Fresh garlic knots are crazy good and a reason to keep coming back . Online ordering is real easy . Delivery is nice and staff courteous . No papers to sign . Food is packaged nicely .
Great customer service ! Real professional ! Definitely coming again Thank u MR lEVY
四川管子。非常，辣子鸡丁，不是很辣。yummy sichuan food ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
The Grounds Guys have always done a top notch job with all of the services I have requested .
So nice to have a real coffee shop back in Dtown P ' ville . It is everything the corporate monstrosities are not . Thank you for being here !
Recently got an 08 xb for our daughter , Jennifer Paige provided is with excellent service when selling us the car . There should be more employees like her .
So far this is the best tasting Chinese food that I can find in the valley . Always consistent and the flavor is amazing .
This place is busy but keeps at a very good pace . Does not matter who you get you will always get a great cut . Best Barbers in Town ! ! ! ! ! ! !
The food and service is always excellent . My favorite is the chicken Schwarma and the walnut baklava . I ' ve never seen such an array of baklava , it ' s a must try .
Best authentic Chinese food in town . This is after being here at least a dozen times for dinner with my friends .
Great atmosphere for hanging out and having a beer with friends . The bartenders are friendly and there is a good selection of craft brews , including their own IPA and stout .
The best salads and very good pizza ! It is hip and stylish and clean and the food is fresh and prepared well . Also , friendly and accommodating staff !
Thanks to Yelp we decided to give this place a try . The pizza is good . It is our new place for pizza . We have tried the Hawaiian and the supreme . Both were good .
Quick and great cut for my 6 year old . $ 15 plus a coupon for next time . We will definitely be back !
Always professional staff . Very friendly . Whether it be a facial or a massage that I have gotten here it has been phenomenal .
We chose Chon Thai as our first Thai food experience ! It was wonderful , the service was quick and friendly and the food was amazing ! The prices can ' t be beat . Five stars !
I can ' t remember the name of the spinach pizza but it was wonderful . Great food and a great person in the community
Great customer service ! Great food for a great price ! He gave me free Miso soup with 9 California Sushi rolls and Shrimp Tempura for 11 . 00 ! - Lunch time .
One of my fav sushi places in town ! ! Delicious fresh sushi & drinks ! Great service but ambience is mediocre at best ! Biggest downfall is their hours wish they were open more ! ! !
It sure was a great choice . I really want all of you to try their sushi which makes right away when you order them . Good quality of fish & other variety of sushi and the rolls .
Great service & friendly staff members ! Not the best pho I ' ve ever had , but tasty nonetheless !
Food was fresh and unique . Service was wonderful . I ' d return to this Toronto landmark anytime .
If your having breakfast or lunch and your not here , then you are in the wrong place . Must check this place out .
Place was very clean . Services was good . Food was fast . * * * You may have to add salt and pepper The waffle have it ' s all original signature cinnamon taste . Family Oriented
The food was delish with a great atmosphere . I like the rustic look and try the cucumber mint refresher , amazing
I always go right in and out and the employees are courteous and know there skills we
I love this place . The merchandise is excellent and the prices are the best in town . This is my new shopping place . I highly recommend this store .
Amazing restaurant in the heart of Pittsburgh . What a surprise in the city and it ' s growing foodie scene . Would definitely come back here !
Great food ! Love this place . Service is fantastic and restraunt is clean . Love coming here .
Fantastic food ! We had the vegetable samosa , chicken curry and potato and pea curry . It was all flavorful and delicious !
Our lunch was delicious and Kelly , our server , was even better . I would especially recommend the rotisserie chicken salad with the killer cucumber wasabi dressing . And the cornbread appetizer is well worth the calories .
Evan ' s Old Town Grille - Best Steaks In Town - Authentic Greek Cuisine - They Cook Better Than My Greek Mother !
Staff were helpful and very friendly . Prices are a little high , but you can choose many options to choose from .
Beaucoup d ' employer au service des clients . Épicerie très propre ! Je le recommande a tous
Erica is fantastic . Friendly , easy to book , and does a great job .
Loved the ice cream , the chalkboard tables , and the toppings bar ! This place is super awesome .
Amazing amazing everything , from drinks to eats . Nathan was one of the best servers we ' ve ever had , and we ' ve been raving about the burrata and pizza ever since .
These guys know their stuff and they have a great selection . The day we went there were hipsters and families . What a fun spot for vinyl lovers .
The best prime rib in the US . Superb service , food and location . Lawry ' s will always be a favorite .
Went their a few days ago , I luv luv luv Mexican food and all I can say about this place is I ' ll be their 1 or 2 times a week from now on .
I have nothing to say about this restaurant Amazing food and service just awesome Specially careaccio is so yummy
Enjoy going for happy hour . Excellent appetizer selections . Friendly and attentive servers . Great patio , especially this time of year .
Great pizza . The crust is perfect . Salad super good . Sawyer McGrath very nice employee . I will come here often .
Their yakitori don is amazing ! They BBQ it over charcoal . Portions and quality is excellent . A must try if you are in he hood .
Seafood Version of the great mastro ' s chain . Food , Atmosphere , and service are all great , Very nice bar , Try the shrimp appetizer
Went there for lunch today and my GF got spaghetti and meatballs and I got their Stromboli ( medium ) and it was amazing and huge . Come hungry !
Unbelievable flavors . Great service . One of the best meals I ' ve ever had .
Do it . Order anything . It ' s all good . Reasonably priced . If you can handle hot , order the bombero suace . It ' s worth it .
Love this place ! Awesome food , fun events and the best place to get some work done !
Love so many of the vinegars . The gluten free chocolate brownie mix is amazing when made with the blood orange oil .
My favorite FedEx store . Great polite staff that actually look and act happy to be helping customers !
Amazing food . Friendly people and good service . Live pretty far away but would make the drive again in a heartbeat !
Amazing Everything ! James is killing it in the kitchen ! We were graciously hosted on the back patio by Liz , even though they had a packed house ! We even parked our bikes nearby ! !
everyone took the cupcakes , some fought over the red velvet . the boxes were perfect for the baby shower and best of all . . . the price was reasonable .
Ben came out to help unlock my car door for me ! Punctual and great customer service . Quick and easy . Thanks guys !
Even though the place looks a little rundown the staff is courteous and the food is delicious . Been coming here for years and love going there . Always a great experience .
Oh . My . Goodness . Phenomenal ! ! ! Scary that it ' s across the street from my gym but omg this is little piece of heaven . Must go too ! !
They have the best cream brûlée ever and delicious Vit Nam ! Sandwiches . Their staffs are friendly and cute . Btw the mango sorbet is so good and fresh . I love it
Amazing all around , great service and even better food . Took my dad and best friend and they both loved it .
Loved the strip , it was a blast , there ' s so much to choose from , wish we could have stayed longer ! ! ! Between great food , great people , and the lights music amazing
Perfect ! Great location . James rides a Triumph motorcycle ! Cool place for something a little different .
Sip has beer , coffee and live music . Its a great place to get some work done or just chill . It ' s become my go to place every weekend .
The guy who used to ring me up at the O told me he had been shot 9 times while working there , and he kept coming back . That ' s how awesome the O is .
We enjoyed our dinner tonight . . . the menu is interesting and I appreciate the kindness of the people who served us .
This place was amazing ! Everything had flavor . It ' s been hard to find a good Salvadorian restaurant and this place nailed it ! Very friendly staff as well .
Great burgers , chicken sandwiches , salads , and breakfast items . Can enjoy the $ 6 dollar burger either with bun or low carb style . One of my favorite burgers !
The best food @ town square . Love the " CB in Paradise " . Super friendly staff .
My boyfriend and I love coming here ! It ' s super convenient for us when we are craving for sushi . The two sushi chefs are awesome !
Highly recommend this place . The smoothies were delicious and the salads exceptional . Great find , healthy food . I wish there was one in Menlo Park , CA ! ! !
I have been here several times and loved it every time . The jalapeño cream cheese is so good . One of my all time favorite taco shops .
Stopped for lunch and was so glad I did . Great food great staff . Everything on the menu was explained and was offered samples . We will definitely be back ! !
Best Korean BBQ in town ! Friendly staff and cute design makes for a great experience !
Best sushi and Japanese cuisine in town . The owner is great and has a very friendly and funny personality . You won ' t be disappointed with the quality and great taste . It ' s delicious !
Nicole is a phenomenal esthetician .
Easily the best pizza joint in the neighborhood , hands down . Short waits and any pie under $ 10 or their pepperoni deals for $ 4 , definitely better than Domino and Papa John ' s .
Very friendly , helpful and the place was very clean . Prices are fair and I will definitely be back
Authentic curries . Not overly sweet . Good portions . Spice level accurate . Clean and cute with great service . This is our new favorite Thai place .
My favorite place on earth . . . Target ! They have a Starbucks inside so of course I got me a coffee before my shopping extravaganza . Bring on the bargains !
Love this Tempe location . It ' s got the old set up with the tea next to the sodas . The gave brats on special . 99 cents !
Great service ! Leslie got me in the very next day after I asked for service . My place looks amazing . The cleaner did a wonderful job !
What a fabulous place Great food super friendly staff but the best is that they make mini pizzas also as deep dish and don ' t leave without trying the garlic knots they are the best ever
Amazing entertainment of illusions , card tricks , and dance . Intimate theater with great seating and engaging atmosphere . Highly recommend .
Pink Poodle is excellent . I have two Poodles and always bring them here since I moved to Vegas in 2007 . BETH is the best she will take care of your dog . Fully recommend .
Very good service , lots of help to be offered . Super cute store and a central location !
Delicious bagels ! ! Had the Sunrise Bagel breakfast sandwich and it was yummy . Bagels were so fresh , I took a half dozen hoe and just as wonderful the next day ! !
Amazing place for yoga ! Pleasant and cheerful receptionist meet you at the frontdesk , and all the insructors are proffessional and dedicated ! My personal favorites are Crystal , Emily and Tara
Best pizza in Pittsburgh ( plain ) . Also have an amazing veggie hoagie . Old " ish " atmosphere but really good Italian food !
I love this place ! I really wish there was a place this great closer to where i live . People are great , cigars are amazing , i come every time i visit Vegas ! !
Best ramen in town . Close to home . Buy one get one half off promotion , can ' t beat that ! Love this place ! !
Arrived right on time . Very friendly and eager to be able to help me make my car look brand new . Cleaned it spotless . Was everything I hope for and more . Will definitely be back .
My hair stylist is the best , Robert Kerry . He always makes me look like a million bucks . ETCH is a classy hair salon .
Awesome food , service and ambience on Valentines Day ! I ' m glad I made this reservation early to get in for supper on Feb 14 ! Wasn ' t disappointed ! Bravo !
same great tea and service as the china town location . I have my husband addicted to the winter melon . I wish you opened earlier so i could get my fix on my way to work
Excellent service and food prep as expected from this top shelf eatery . Best Steaks and Seafood . Extensive wine list .
I had my hair and makeup done by Sergio yesterday for my wedding it turned out awesome .
The food was great ! Just the wait staff struggle from time to time . So just be patient and you will enjoy . I highly recommend the Seafood Pho !
Ask for Donna ! She ' s awesome ! ! ! Super cool New Yorker and great food they never disappoint .
This place is great . Food great . Service great . Price is good too . Very affordable . Fed a family of four for under $ 70 . Will come again
Love Osteria ! They have great appetizers and it ' s an awesome place to relax , have a drink with friends or a nice romantic dinner
I ' m hooked on the fish tacos . Very fresh and tasty . Healthy but fun . Not fried . Consistent quality . I ' ve only taken out this far . Delicious !
Love it . Mexico is awesome . Greece is good if u have the craving . Small coffee shots for quick pick me up .
Love this place , it ' s cafeteria style with friendly service . It ' s clean and # 15 house udon is tasty . It ' s Japanese with easy relaxing dining .
Clean place , easy to find things . What makes this store so great is the compassionate people who work there .
Really liked the idea of renting reused boxes , and the execution . Right on time . Reasonably priced . Nice delivery guy .
Love this place ! I always get the salmon tacos . Large piece of salmon grilled and seasoned perfectly . Delicious !
Love this new restaurant ! The short rib and fried avocado tacos are amazing along with the chicken enchiladas . Wait staff is super friendly and portions are perfect ! I highly recommend checking them out !
Great coffee and great atmosphere . I like that they added beer there . Great idea ! They are always friendly and make a good cup o joe too !
Nous sommes des habitués , du gout , des produit de qualité , de la quantité et surtout un service amicale . Essayer le pad Thai et la soupe servie dans sa noix de coco ! Genial
I had the pork tenderloin which was phenomenal ! Bread was tasty , the churros were great and cookies okay but still the pork tenderloin was amazing ! The service was exceptional !
Very nice and friendly staff . Amazing sushi ! I definitely recommend this place .
An excellent buffet especially considering the the price . Large selection of good quality of food . I ' ve been positively surprised . Friendly and helpful stuff .
gorgeous girls . . ! fully nude . . full bar . . best strip club in vegas . . call their transportation for FREE pick up & entrance . . ! !
This is possible the best prime rib steak house in Las Vegas , I have never had a less than amazing dinner experience at Lawry ' s , from the quality of the food to their great service .
Lisa was very helpful and a sincere pleasure to deal with . Great enthusiasm and willingness to satisfy her customers . Steve
Todd was great , on time and most of all his price was real reasonable . I will recommend him to my family and friends .
Maybe my favorite restaurant in Pgh . Everything i ' ve ever tried is just dedicious , and the service is good , too . Yum !
Service was very fast , clean , food was phenomenal , and ice cream was so good ! Highly recommend for a family dinner restaurant !
The food is incredibly fresh and delicious , the atmosphere is fantastic , and the staff is all very friendly and accommodating . This is a must - go destination of Vegas .
Only came to the bar but the bartender Gabriel was awesome . Over 100 different tequilas to try and the margaritas were delicious . Will definitely return !
Under appreciated neighbourhood gem . Amazing crusts . All pizzas are good . The free bread and hot sauce before is great . Calzone is my fav , but cants go wrong .
I love Algos ! The staff is always so friendly , so nice . The food is beyond delicious . I would recommend the beef flautas with guacamole . Yumm !
i just keep going back and turning my friends onto donut tyme . the prices can ' t be beat and the flavors are awesome ! !
Damn this place is insanely creative with its food ! ! ! The Popcorn chicken I thought was amazing , salt & pepper with mild seasoning . Place is chill ! ! Love it & definitely coming back !
Excellent Food , Service and a fun place to Dine ! Barb was our server and she treated my Date and I as if we were Family . We will return Again !
Just had red curry and hot green tea . Curry was perfect and the green tea was great for a cold day , Bonus the Sever was Cute ; )
Cute cafe with friendly staff ! Their tea flavour desserts are also made with loose leaf teas . Syphon coffee was also really cool .
Go to Stephanie ! She listened to what I wanted and told me what would work with my hair and did exactly what I wanted ! She is very personable and styled my hair after also !
Great Service and Honest ! I had issues with my battery instead of charging me they suggested I check my warranty before purchasing a new one from them . . . .
My favorite fast casual burger is AZ by far ! The meat has a fantastic flavor and the bun is really soft . Fries were good too .
The food here is amazing . Shrimp tacos delicious . Right down the street for the Cathedral .
I went to see a movie over the weekend . Big comfy chairs and I downloaded an app to get free popcorn ! I just wish the movie was longer so I could sit in the chair longer .
The all day hop on hop off bus was a great way of getting around town and checking out the attractions . The guide , Allie , was awesome !
Incredibly delicious ! ! ! Service was great and food was awesome . Will definitely come back !
The Yuba sandwich is the best thing I have ever stuffed into my food hole .
Best pizza in the city and the guy who makes them , homemade , is very friendly . I highly recommend trying them out ! Great pizza for a great price .
The best tamales I have ever had , hands down . Pork and Salmon are my favorites ! ! ! No lard , everything is local , awesome !
I had a great first experience st this office . The staff is great . I felt at ease during my cleaning and x - rays . I scheduled my next appt . I highly recommend this dental office
I was here during opening week . The food was great quality . But the prices were expensive but I considered I was by the strip so I didn ' t mind .
Best deli west of the mason Dixon ! Love the pastrami sandwich ! Affordable and quality Burrito and Breakfast sandwiches are awesome ! Must try
Love this golf coarse , great for everyone and has some challenging holes but otherwise not bad .
Real good Italian food and real great taste . Don ' t worry about the location it is in . The food is always delicious and hot .
Incredible Service and amazing food . I had the pizza of the week would completely recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a good atmosphere and phenomenal pizza
Marlene was a wonderful server . Friendly and knowledgable ! Egg Works was very good and they had a decent vegetarian menu
Brunch is amazing . Big portions at low price with very friendly service . Usually empty at brunch time for no good reason .
My Valentine and I wanted to go somewhere fun and delicious for Valentine ' s Day . The atmosphere is eclectic and the pastries delicious . My favorite are the macaroons . . . . every flavor !
Animal , coco , red dragon and while house rolls were all awesome ! ! I am willing to drive across the valley for this place .
每次去都没有开门，上周总算买到了。味道绝对赞一个。不输给国内的烘培店。
Oh man . . . their gyro salad is THE BEST ! Great service , quick , the guys who work here are great .
Flor is a gem ! I highly recommend anybody that wants their clothes altered to her . She does a great job , she is super nice and prices are reasonable .
Some of the best pizza I have had in a long time . Try the Red Sauce , Chipotle , Spinach , Bacon , Pepperoncini , Tomatoes & Mozzarella Pizza .
Tech came on time and was very friendly . He knew exactly what he was doing and he fixed the problem quickly . He was honest and reliable . I would recommend them .
1st time here , service was kind of slow but food was excellent !
The food is great ! Service is great ! Price is perfect ! Great outdoor seating and family friendly !
Good food , quick service , and big portions ! Can ' t go wrong with their yellow curry or pad thai .
Great food ! ! ! The mee siam is my absolute favorite - it has great flavor . Decent portion size , good food and good service . Not much more that I ask for in a restaurant .
Love this place . Have been going to them for years and I am always satisfied . The customer service is excellent and everyone is very knowledgeable . The price is always better than their competitors too .
Went in the store to buy one of the colognes someone had given me samples a year ago . Their register was having issues and they were still incredibly professional and courteous . Best AoS in Vegas .
Great services ! Magnificent food ! I dream of the awesome corn dish we had . Fabulous job !
Their signature Won ton and Lao Meim are super yummy . Don ' t forget to order one plate of vegetable . Good price and yummy
My first suit ! Tailored perfectly and very reasonably priced . If I ' m in need of another one this will definitely be the first place I check out .
Love Lee Cafe ! They are so authentic and include an iPad full of photos of almost everything on the menu . The dumplings are so good ! !
Wow . Excellent food ! Bread made in front if you . Portions the size of Texas ! Come hungry ! Prices are great too !
Bought a guitar and Andre gave amazing customer service . The prices were extremely reasonable for all that they give you , thank you so much !
Excelente lugar justo en el momento indicado con este calor . Tienen mucha variedad y la paleta de tamarindo con chile esta deliciosa ! Va a ser mi lugar favorito . . .
Always great ! Now has a patio : - ) special today is kangaroo stuffed cabbage served with sautéed vegetables and cucumber mint yogurt !
I love papa Murphy ' s the flavors in the pizza are always so fresh and delicious and the combinations are healthy and great tasting i totally recommend it .
Wanted the hem let out on my pants while visiting Vegas . Did it in fifteen minutes for ten dollars . Parkings easy , and the staff were friendly . Really happy with everything .
Back again ! Great place to sit and enjoy the view ! Tivoli is so pretty . The egg white wrap is wonderful ! This place is so much fun !
Visited for the first time today . The food and drinks were very good but the service was amazing ! Definitely a new favorite .
Had a team party here for our flag football team and the food and service was great . Mark Rich personally made sure his staff took care of us the whole night ! Awesome pizza !
Delicious ! The menu was tantalizing with many attractive dishes . Everything aside from the lobster in sauce was wonderful . I can ' t wait to go back and explore the menu .
Had dinner here for my 30th birthday a few months back . . . . amazing ! Food was good and so was the service !
Definitely the best sandwich shop / lunch stop in Oakland . Very delicious and reasonably priced ! The buffalo chicken wrap is amazing ! Perfect amount of spice and flavor ! Highly recommend Campus Deli ! !
Wasn ' t my first time shooting , but it was best time . I like to hit the range when I go to LV . Def had a great time shooting some new guns .
Love this place . Always friendly , great food and some of the best beer in the west valley . Just wish the prices were a little lower and I ' d come more often .
This was delicious and flavorful . I ' m in the hospital and they delivered so quickly with hot fresh food . Made my entire night ! ! !
Our new favorite place to eat in Vegas ! Great food , great service , great prices , good ambiance ! What more can you ask for ! Definitely coming back again .
By far the best tofu in town .
Good gaming , great food , love pork chops & eggs and the pork osso bucco . Nice to see JC back !
Beautiful , clean nail salon . I had a pedicure with Kevin and he was wonderful ! This salon is gorgeous inside and I was amazed at how clean everything was . I would definitely go back !
Great experience again ! Bought my second CPO from there and my sales associate Ryan was great .
Great food and amazing service ! Highly recommended ! ! Brunch and dinner are both great , go check this spot out !
These guys did a great job on my car . Very professional and clean job . Friendly and fast service . Thanks Alex .
Perfect show for a date night ! He is funny and on point with his innuendos regarding relationships . His examples of male / female language is insightful with a comedic flare . We had a great time !
Fantastic neighborhood bar with great bar food , free popcorn , lots of TVs , and great atmosphere . Nothing better than a night at the pants !
Excellent spot . Great food . You won ' t be sorry . Very healthy and filling . So many tastes in one bowl , it ' s amazing . Great everyday lunch spot
One of the best dining experiences . More than just food and service . This place does it all right !
Incredible choice of chocolate inspired drinks and desserts . Friendly staff and nice crowd . Waffles are perfect !
Haji Baba ' s elegancy and efficiency is best expressed in a style mimicking Ernest Hemingway ' s famous six - word short story : Falafel sandwich . $ 2 . 99 . Delicious . Bring friends .
Their Whiskeyberry is the best drink in town . Love the drinks , love the atmosphere , love the friendly bartenders , love this place . Great place for a date .
Amazing variety and flexibility in the classes , you will NEVER get bored here . The instructors are passionate and lead amazing classes . I never leave without feeling like I had a fantastic workout !
In a word : amazing ! Very reasonably priced . Had Family sized salad and a large pie . Enjoyed by all on their lovely patio !
Pricey sushi but its WORTH IT . Normally when I want a quick fix I hit up cheaper places but when I ' m in the mood for great sushi with a friend , I go to Akaihana .
Really fun place to go with friends , and great food / beer ! Really awesome selection of beer and great sausages ! Also highly recommend the duck fat fries ! !
Aria is a hidden gem of Mediterranean restaurants in town . Family own & run . They are so warm and welcoming . The food is authentic and consistently great .
My fiancé and I loved this place ! Fun and relaxing environment . The beer is selection is HUGE , we tried a flight of IPAs and enjoyed all of them !
Excellent way to spend a Sunday at Blue Martini while the kids play video games next door at GameWorks
Excellent Italian food , cool ambiance that feels welcoming and relaxing and good service . The only downside is road noise if you are outside but still a great choice
Soooooooooooooooooo good ! ! ! ! Everyone should come and try these food ! ! ! ! I ' m so amazed by how yum the food was !
The breakfast was fantastic and the service was great as well . The waitress Brianna was very welcoming and was constantly attending to us . We will be back for sure
Great cuban food and drinks . Try the fish tacos , pulled pork , mojitos , and pineapple salsa . Nice atmosphere and bar as well .
awesome sunday brunch place . all comfort food so forget about diet . seating time limit capped at 90 min for brunch
Great authentic Mexican food ! Salsa is no joke ! Excellent service , I will be returning !
Great late night sushi spot ! The Washington roll and the kiss of fire are amazing ! The servers were great and the rolls are fresh and smooth .
Had an issue with the original repair and Fernando and JD , ( name corrected ) took my vehicle in promptly and fixed the problem at no charge . That ' s service !
Booked a 90 minute massage with Ali after traveling 15 hours overnight from CA . I am sooo glad that I did ! It was exactly what I needed to relax and start my vacation . Lovely massage .
AWESOME ! Food is delicious and the staff are great ! Funny , courteous and attentive ! This is a great option if you live near here or are in the area .
This was the second show we saw in Vegas . I have always been a fan . I talked my bad into going and now he too is a fan . The new puppet Little Jeff was hilarious !
Some of the best authentic Italian food in AZ . Chic modern ambiance . Great place for a date or casual dinner with family / friends .
Tiny but tasty . Good coffee and never had a bad breakfast . Old school vibe . One of my favs in Lakewood !
An amazing find . Friendly staff explained the entire amazing flavors . So amazing that the owner , Kathy , tracked me down on Facebook because I left the food I was unable to consume .
Great service ! Nice clean salon . Eric is great with acrylic and very nice ! They have tons of colors to choose from and are very up to date with new trends .
Awesome ! ! ! ! I truly enjoyed my breakfast . Service was great . This was better than having breakfast in those casino downtown . Will make this a stop the next time I stay downtown vegas
I love this place . I am petrified of the dentist and they made me feel very comfortable . The people are very friendly .
I love this office . Kind and informative staff and wonferful , gentle Doctors . They made an uncomfortable appointment very comfortable . I will highly recommend this office .
Have our car insured through here along with life too . Marc is absolutely amazing and I wouldn ' t hesitate to recommend this place to anyone looking for cheap car insurance and good rates !
Called Brian to clean our dryer vent he was fast , efficient and for a great price . Definitely recommend him . Support your local small business owners ! !
Needed something done quickly before guests arrived - The guys showed up ready to go - Trees trimmed up nice and my yard is looking good . Recommend Sergio ' s .
Yum ! Vegetarian Chili Dogs . Worth your time .
Love local places and this hit the spot on National Sandwich Day . Bread was nice and soft and loved the Turkey Bacon Avocado ! Definitely want to go there again
I ' ve ordered the tiramasu soft serve twice and it is soooo good . It does not taste vegan .
Super assiette de brunch , omelette savoureuse et garnie , les muffins sont également très bons . Sans oublier le très sympathique serveur . Merci et bravo
Bang Bang is one of my favorite burger places ever . Their handmade chips are delicious . The bun really makes the burger 11 / 10 .
La meilleure pho que je connaisse . Tout est frais . Pas de viande à fondue comme ça l ' arrive d ' habitude .
Another great time at the Bonus Round . . .
Love the diner , nice atmosphere , great food , priced right , friendly staff , take a few steps off the main drag and feel like one of the locals !
Stopped in for a beer and a burger at lunchtime . Good beer , good food and wonderful personnel . Our go - to place in the future .
Another great experience at gun garage . Everyone is extremely friendly and helpful . Best range in town
Great place for dinner before an event at playhouse square . Great atmosphere and food
Great French sandwiches ! So good . Had the Italian and gf had the tuna . The baguettes were perfectly cooked - crunchy on the outside and so tasty . Fantastique ! Service was friendly and fast
They always do a good job trimming Buster ' s nails , and they take him in right away . We never have to wait . Fast service !
This place is awesome . Rochelle ( maybe Rachelle ? ) is a tasty babe to the max . She has awesome hair and a winning personality . Great music and vibe . Come here or else !
Great family fun ! Thank you city of Henderson . There is a lot going on here so plan for a full day . Parking is chaotic so plan ahead .
Thin crust , amazing garlic knots and VEGAN soft serve that I give to my friends and it passes as diary based soft serve . There is one Vegan pie as well .
Love love love this location and the food . The sea food is great . And the drinks are wonderful .
Service and food was excellent ! ! Red sauce is to die for ! Pregnant girl ' s dream ! ! Steve was an awesome Server . Order the risotto balls !
Tried once in LA . Now again in Vegas . The best noodle place in Vegas . Highly recommended .
So tasty and so healthy , think Chipotle style Mediterranean , but much better and healthier .
Acai berry boost . . . delicious ! ! ! Quick friendly service . Open 24 hours
A small hidden gem in the mall . Fish pieces were really fresh and the portion size is good for the price . Super friendly staff too !
Very good exotic food for this city . French crepes with strawberry and banana are delicious
First time I was here was for Madonna Rebel Heart . Sound , size , access , concessions , security , bathrooms were all amazing . I can ' t wait to go to another concert here .
I like the place and the people very helpful when it came to my walking and running shoes thank you so much . I will be back the only place I buy my shoes .
Fantastic food ! I use a Yelp all the time , but this is my first checkin . So worth it !
The crab cake was killer good . Veggies cooked to perfection . Service excellent . Everything was far better than I expected .
Friendly staff , very accomodating , they know what their doing . Thanks to heather and Gianna love my new hair . Diffinitely will go back .
The food was good and very tasty . Place looks clean and very organize . Service was great ! I Love the coleslaw .
LOVE this place ! MY favorite all time breakfast spot ! ! There coffee is delicious ! I loved their Naco Torto which is no longer on the menu : (
Get the carne asada street tacos with everything on it ( onions , cilantro ) . . the beans and rice . . . mmmmmm .
Luv Pam , Luv Elza , Luv Lori . . . . . I get a great workout every time ! ! ! ! !
We went for the first time this afternoon . They were a bit busy . The employees were all friendly , the food was great . Not a bad price for the amount of food you get .
This place is great . Very clean , staff is always nice and Christina makes me feel as comfortable as possible when she rips the hair out of my skin : )
Great place to enjoy superb food . The menu is small but diverse . Service delightful . Worth hunting for parking space !
The best baked pork buns that we ' ve ever had and we ' ve had lots of pork buns . Service was wonderful .
Hungry Howes always has the best crust , and great tasting pizza . This is the only pizza place I order from in my area , and delivery is always super quick . Definitely recommend !
Great place to get a hair cut definitely my new barber shop great barbers good cuts thanks for making me look fresh
My favorite place . Top notch food and the atmosphere is incredible . Best live piano / guitar music around . The food is very good from the steakhouse chop salad , creamed corn to the flavorful steaks !
Name says it all . Delicious . Their cake balls are amazing . I ' m not a huge snicker doodle fan but it was delicious . Also the carrot cake
Great dinner last night . Steaks done as ordered . Lobster perfectly cooked . Service is top notch . I am a Los Angeles foodie and I would definitely come back here .
First time here but definitely not the last ! ! ! ! Highly recommend this place . With so many choices in the valley for Thai food , Thailicious is a definite standout .
Grapevine is the best . Good beer selection , great wine recommendations and really friendly people . My go - to place for a drink on a night out .
Good spicy noodle soup ! Close a bit too early at 9 pm , it would be nice if they open late ! Appetizer is also delicious !
This is the best pizza in Pittsburgh , it ' s a little pricey but it is well worth it and I would go there again
The sunset tour was an amazing time and Jarrad R . was a great tour guide . I would highly recommend you try them out if your ever in the Scottsdale area .
Awesome and unique in Phoenix for ambiance alone . The service was on point and perfectly staffed . Very friendly staff . Excellent food
Outland Cigar Ballantyne is awesome . Great folks great atmosphere a top notch cigar club and evolving culture . A rated experience .
Come here often late night when Rudy is working . By far the best employee here or at any other establishment . Always very nice & gets my order quickly .
The best yoga studio experience you can find ! They offer a variety of classes from beginners to the advance .
All of the very freshest ingredients ! ! ! Great place to grab a quick bite to go or sit and relax inside . Either way , you won ' t be disappointed ! !
The chef really has a passion for food . I always come to this place whenever I feel like pigging out
Love this place and their coffee , it ' s not bitter like Starbucks . Great , friendly employees working there too . Can ' t wait til they open one near me .
Truly the single best burger place I ' ve ever been . ALWAYS consider trying their Burger of the Month , which is usually incredible .
Great atmosphere , attentive service , overall good vibe . Creative menu : seal is a wow . When sweetbread is one of the house specialties , you know it ' s going to be good !
I work nearby and stop here every once in awhile . Always great service . Always extremely friendly staff .
Love the finger bucket ! Pure heaven and the pizza rocks ! ! !
I was here last friday night with a friend , the food was very good ( love the stuffed jalapenos and fish tacos ! ) and the music was excellent ! We ' ll surely come back .
The staff is knowledgeable and very helpful . They have a decent selection of firearms and accessories and their ammo prices are lower than what I ' m used to . I ' ll definitely go back .
Super divey and cheap drinks . Always a good time . I ' ve never walked out of here unhappy . It ' s just a really fun spot .
A Hidden gem in Oakmont Great food with eclectic menu Never had a bad meal there Atmosphere is relaxed and unpretentious Always great service and great beer list
Great Italian food . Always delicious ! Always great friendly service . Usually pretty busy , so make a reservation if you think of it , just to be sure
Love this gym . Lots of machines . Lots of treadmills .
Lunch was amazing . Had the Hummus with added protein . Had the soup which was a tasty delight and Lebanese coffee which was spot on .
Loved it . The food was yummy , the service was great , and the little bread basket was the highlight of the meal with the jalapeno cheese biscuits . . yummy
Best coffee and tea in town ! ! They have delicious loose leaf teas !
Really welcoming , kind and professional staff . I had a very good Benedict and fruit bowl . Was a great experience !
Best local buffet for the price food is always good . Nice place to relax specially the pool area .
Tasty food great service , kind of pricey but the food is so well done that is worth it
One of my favorite places to go ! Great good and good prices ! Bar tenders and staff are super nice and friendly and it ' s a nice atmosphere . It ' s kid friendly to !
Very friendly staff . And thank you sooooo much to the girl who called me right away when she saw I left my jewelry in the room . Life saver ! ! ! !
Got the family pack last time I went , everything was really good . The portions were big and it tasted great . Very happy with the entire experience . I will definitely be returning
This was a great find . Best gyro I have ever had . I can ' t wait to come back . The baklava is no joke either .
Fried cheese curds are delicious and rare burgers are Wisconsin style . Stop in Tempe for some authentic Wisconsin food
Foods was great , friendly waiter . Would love to come back sometimes near future if we travel here again .
Very friendly workers , yummy nachos ! I recommend that you try it while you ' re at The D !
Excellent , my husband and I always eat here when we get a chance . I love the trout it ' s grilled to perfection and well seasoned . Would definitely recommend this place to anyone !
Found these people through my dad . The price was very expensive , but I think a LOT cheaper than others . The people working here are VERY friendly . I will definitely be back .
Every time im by this place is a must STOP . Love the masedonia . I also love the customer service and how clean the shop is . Anything you choose is amazing .
1st time eating here Service 10pts Food taste 10pts Food quality 10pts I will totally go back for a good breakfast on Saturday morning .
My favorite lunch place in Phx . Best Farm to Table . It is always a must when visiting the area . The sweet potato fries are to die for .
She diagnosed me right away and prescribed the best set of meds right away . Everything went smoothly and my life completely changed for the better within a couple of months ! ! !
great restaurant with a great selection of inexpensive tasty dishes . Also , good for gluten free diets . The manager spoke to me personally and made a big effort to accommodate my special diet .
Dana was our server ! She was awesome ! Great customer service , fast , friendly and super helpful ! Will be coming back because of her great service and our food amazing !
The owner Ami is so amazing ! From the greeting to the flavor of the pho it ' s like eating at mom ' s kitchen !
Belle découverte ! ! ! Lunch sympa , simple et sain avec un accueil très agréable . A déguster sans détour . . .
Won ' t go anywhere else ! Eric and his team are fantastic and always are perfecting the newest trends !
Would definitely come to this location again , the staff is professional and friendly . The wait time less then what he predicted which was a + + +
I seriously come here way more then I should , its absolutely amazing . Great service , great product , worth the try . It ' s seriously my favorite place .
probably the coolest reptile store I have ever been in . Service was friendly and the staff was extremely knowledgeable about the lizard that I bought . I highly recommend this place for a first time reptile parent !
We love this place . Everything is fresh and the aquas are delicious . Better than chipotle ' s .
I really love having meetings at the Innevation Center . Their facilities are top notch clean , offer outlets for charging computers and phones at the tables , and so much more . Highly recommend for meetings !
Vicky and Tammy are wonderful ! Clean , Easy going facility with fair prices and consistent service . It ' s a bit of a drive for me but they make it worthwhile : )
Love it ! Fast . Fresh . Cheap . I ' ll definitely be back ! I got spring rolls and pho . Loved the mint in the spring roll too : )
I love this place and the buffet is always great . Great wedding soup , house dressing , and it ' s really great when they bring out a fresh pizza for the buffet . Great buffet great family
The best authentic Indian food ! It ' s worth the drive . Will be back again !
One of the best Peking duck dinner in the city . The service is good and so is the food . Must try . Need to make reservations for weekend dining .
Their server is very friendly . Food is priced good and have good lunch specials . I especially liked the lemon chicken and Mongolian beef . Will be coming back .
Classic ham sandwich is excellent ! Margaret was very accommodating on our special requests and the sandwiches were made with perfection
I keep coming back . . . the allure of their pineapple curry gets me every time . Charming atmosphere and pleasant , attentive wait staff make dining here a pleasure
Bobby Flay restaurants are always excellent . The flavors are truly something to be experienced - layer after layer of great tastes in each bite .
Cozy and cool - loved the ambiance and the service was fantastic . Definitely a new neighbourhood haunt !
I like this gas station they have these BBQ BEEF PIES AT LUNCH and these things are awesome their food is really good Give it a try . The Gotz
My favorite place to take my car in the valley . Several of my coworkers go here as well . The customer service we receive is exceptional ! ! !
Always honest and good priced . Check online for their coupons ! I ' ve never had a bad experience and the staff is friendly ! Check em out : )
Rarely do I leave not finding deals on items I could really use . Clean store and staff is friendly .
Best AYCE Sushi I ' ve ever had . Anywhere . Some of the best sushi I ' ve ever had ala carte and AYCE .
Olga is the best . She knows how I like my cut and she always does a great job . I won ' t go to anybody else but her .
Ate here for the first time yesterday and the food was great and the service was amazing . Definitely going back soon .
Wonderful dinner with kids . Tasty pizzas and salads , super friendly and efficient staff ( and cute ) , and hip DJ music with a trendy industrial decor . Priced very reasonably . Would highly recommend
Go see Amber . She ' s beyond amazing . So chatty , so personable , and does awesome color . You won ' t find a better stylist !
Very friendly service . Great food . Amazing selection of wine .
Do yourself a favor and go here . People who work here are super friendly . Sandwiches are delicious . And I don ' t usually eat banana pudding , but this place makes me want to .
Great service - great food , low noise level doesn ' t get any better than that when you are with a large group of friends
Kevin is back ! ! ! Missed his awesomeness with nails . As always , Tina is the best nail artist I have found anywhere !
Delish ! Got the jerk chicken and the oxtail . Super flavourful . Chicken soup was delish too !
Dr . Jeff is a wonderful dentist and he makes his patients feel at ease . He is very personable and caring . I recommend him to anyone looking for a great dentist in Las Vegas !
Their Black Pepper Parmesan Bagel with Italian Herb & Chive Cream Cheese is a heavenly combo ! Even better when you add the lox , tomato and capers .
Great authentic Mexican food place ! The tacos are a nice size ( $ 2 ) and delicious along with the beans and rice ! I ' ve found my new fave little low - key spot !
Love this and can see it being a new favorite . Super friendly staff , coffee refills are endless and great diner styled food items on the cheap . I ' ll be back in no time !
Food is really good ! They made me what I wanted with the sauce I wanted . Nice owners too ! The miso soup is good . . . . lot of food
best gluten free pizza ever ! a must have : ) this place is clean and staff is super friendly ! Best NY style pizza !
OMG . I fell in love with this place . Great food , excellent service . The pork belly app is to die for . Go . Now .
We went to this cupcake / yogurt place this week & the cupcakes are delicious ! ! Red Velvet better than at Sprinkles ! ! Bigger & better , really good ! I highly recommend this cupcake shop !
Cool vibes and good food ! Awesome staff there and they give honest recommendations ! I would definitely try the Poached Egg Panini . . it was
Great establishment . Great chef . Great food . Amazing drinks . Lots of entertainment . Always enjoyable !
BEST authentic Tacos ever , highly recommend if you want the real thing . Look for the bright colorful building . Can ' t miss it . . .
