Spicy ninja roll is the only reason why I keep coming here . The happy hour pricing and the lunch portions and pricing are a bargain . Service sometimes lacks but the food is good
Due to majorcontruction could not get any information or a tour . The building site looks great and currents reside traceaboutgneace
Great for greasy late night eats . You can ' t go wrong with a burger and a side of fries or fried pickles .
Girls were pretty . Food was good . Nothing special . Had the original wings and fried pickles .
Download the free app " Skate Universe " to earn up to 1000 free tickets sent instantly to your email . Its works , and its much faster to get then playing games lol
Um it ' s pretty average ramen . . . Don ' t see what ' s the hype at all . Will not be back again .
Double Check your order , usually correct but have had to take in a few items . Not Bad and Super close
Great atmosphere . The food is mediocre . Not bad . But there ' s other places out there better .
Menu on website says they have cold brew , but it ' s just regular iced coffee - misleading .
Here for the Arsenal Challenge tournament . Nice enough facility but mosquitoes are out in full force . Has playground for kids and a small pond . Decent soccer fields and good baseball diamonds .
Great food but don ' t go if you ate in a hurry . I was in the drive thru for 20 minutes with 1 person in front of me .
Service was ok . The place was clean . We ordered each item off the dim sum menu and honestly , the only thing I really like was the soup dumpling .
The Spring Rolls and Pinneapple Curry were very good , but I just wasn ' t impressed with the atmosphere or service .
Good ice cream put poor systems . One cashier for busy night with a line to pay 20 deep . . .
Not really any different than most gelato places . It ' s just an Italian place in Greektown . Perhaps that ' s why it ' s attracting so many locals .
My half tried their mahi - mahi , it wasn ' t to his appeal . The jerk chicken is so good .
Pretty good fast Asian food . Nice service . And they got brown rice , so it works for me !
Good food quality , quick pick - up turnarounds and very reasonable pricing makes Orient House ideal for when you ' ve got a hankering and don ' t have a lot of time for lunch .
Small place great food but slow service . When they say 15 min wait expect 45 min wait .
This place is okay . . . nothing really special . They do have some great vegetarian dishes . . but they also serve fish . . BOOO ! ! ! !
Good service , liked their seafood platter , and the ambiance was nice . I ' d probably go back again if I were staying at the Venetian .
Nice little place with an outdoor patio . Mosquitoes like to gather when it gets dark . It ' s a great place for cocktails and lite fair . Servers could have been a little more attentive .
Usually I write more , but just this : there are better places around , as well as better in good and better in prices . It ' s a bar and not a restaurant in my opinion
Expensive , but groceries are fresh and really the 3 stars is for the 24 hour service . If they were cheaper , they ' d get four stars .
Decent water park if you do not spend full price for admission . Limited rides & no lazy river . Other than that it was a great place to spend an afternoon !
In - n - out ＞＞＞ Smashburger ＞ Fatburger ' nuff said
Very good yogurts . . . Would not consider this a Golden Spoon level of goodness , but definitely would go back . I had the Giradelli Chocolate and Cheese cake mixed .
The straight Mac n cheese is way too dry and plain for my expectation of gourmet Mac n cheese . Otherwise great service for a food truck !
I got chicken Pad Thai and asked for it mildly spicy . I should have asked for medium spice because it came out pink and tasted sweet . The Thai iced tea was good though !
These donuts are great but hot light ends at 9 not 10 . Even message says 5pm to 10pm . . . wth guys ?
Came here one night and the crepe was very good . . came for breakfast 2 days later and the latte tasted like sewer while the crepe was extra dry . .
Prices are a little steep
I like this place . It ' s relatively new and clean . In in a really good location on the bashas parking lot .
Ride the Mechanical bull I dare you , I had a goodtime
I ' ve been here 2x wasn ' t impressed the first time figured give them a second try . There latte doesn ' t impress me I ' d rather goto the Starbucks adjacent to this spot
Beau café bien aménagé . Bons produits . Cependant il est souvent bondé . De plus leur wifi fonctionne très mal depuis longtemps et malgré les plaintes il font rien pour remédier à la situation .
Went back . . . staff was more friendly and I was able to purchase something fun . Kierland is an awesome outdoor place to shop ! Will be back next vacation to see what they have .
Good food , great staff , and good coffee . We went on Sunday and it was full . Had to wait for a table but it was worth it . Mediterranean Omelet was excellent .
Good taco shop with flavorful food ; everyone enjoyed their lunch .
Usually a great place to grab a quick bite . Today was not that day . Watering down the salad dressing ? Come on !
Outback does a great job as a chain of restaurants . This one seem to have it right .
had their cheese plate , and 2 pasta dishes . Pasta was very well prepared , texture was awesome . I find this place a bit over priced , but it makes sense given the area .
They have Happy Hour from 4 : 30 - 6 and this is the time I would go . Their sushi was okay , nothing spectacular . No liquor license yet either .
I want to love Mojo , special location , great feel , looks great . Good service but . . . . Coffee sucks , your a morning joint you need great coffee Please please try another brew
Plastic table cloths , homey feeling - it ' s like a dinner from the 80 ' s . It ' s cheap and cheerful food in my opinion . Not amazing but pretty good .
Drinks are 10 USD each which seems pricey for the run - down area . Still , its a fairly nice lounge on weekends .
New to the area and had a papa johns in so - cal I loved . This place is decent if you want chain pizza at a good price .
Decent flavour , similar to osmows chicken on the rocks but nowhere near as flavourful . Portion size is fair . Food was a bit cold . Good service .
Its good enough for me for last minute nibble . Many tables , smile service . Many choices . Fast .
Had an issue . . finally got it resolved after a couple weeks . Thanks
What stood out to me most was the lovely staff . The food is pretty good , but not mind - blowing . I ' d still go back though .
Its okay , def doesnt stand out . Just a typical diner with decent food . Not bad but def not the best .
So so dessert but very expensive for what it is . The wait time is also not great . At least the service we got was good . . .
Fancy overpriced sushi . I felt rushed the entire evening by our server . What kind of restaurant tells their patrons they only have a table for a brief period of time .
A very decent brunch option where you can get a seat and is family friendly . A much better option than lining up for he place up the road .
I heard this is one of the places you need to go in Toronto but to be honest there are so many better restaurant to go . Food does not meet expectations at all .
Service was bad . Our server didn ' t come back and refill our water , ask if we wanted boxes and they also ran out of udon and green tea mochi .
Dry cleaning - fine ( sweaters , shirts ) . Alterations - DON ' T WASTE YOUR MONEY .
Just OK a little disappointed . . I was alone and felt that I was rushed and ignored .
Was there for Fromage D ' ici , how do you rate a shopping mall if you ain ' t a mallrat ?
Its cool . . 24hr drive - thru tho lol
New Management . New Name . It ' s now Mr . Pho .
Ahh ok not great stuff for fat guys but wives will love it
Decent Thai food , but not remarkable . Would probably come here again , but I definitely prefer the Spice Island Tea House in Oakland .
The fly swatting by the guy behind the counter threw me off a little but good http .
This food was delicious ! Beautiful presentation too . Took slightly over an hour for them to run cards .
A neighborhood sports bar serving pub fare with some occasional interesting twists . Friendly , timely service . Limited bar . Food is well prepared with generous portions .
Big points for the view and ambience . Great place to have a drink and look at the city lights . Bread pudding is really good . Otherwise food is average .
He was reasonably priced when we needed a new water heater and came out right away . No issues .
Pretty nice bar . Their drinks are overpriced , but they ' re located in the heart of the Waterfront .
Cafe princess needs an update . The couches are getting dirty ! Food and drinks are not bad - worth a try
Beef carpacio is good , pizza is fresh . Good , over priced Italian food at best . However , great patio for drinks located on a surprisingly quiet street .
Food isn ' t bad but it ' s overrated . Service can be curt at times . It can get crowded quite easily and the parking situation is terrible .
A decent spot but service needs some work . Good food in a pinch .
this place is great . . . the steak was amazing and that seafood platter we had was slamming .
Stopped by for dessert based on reviews . Cute little place . We ordered a small hot fudge sundae and a small pineapple sundae . Both were very good and service was very quick .
Okay food . Pleasant service . One of the better establishments in Euclid .
Food is tasty . Sitting environment is okay . Service is down right terrible . Will seriously think twice before returning .
I was looking for a fresh clean taste . Most of their dishes are fried with heavy creamy sauce .
It ' s ok . Overrated . Nothing special . Burgers were average . I prefer this place over the chains .
I usually love the sandwiches here but this evening , both our sandwiches were very dry . BEWARE and do not go to this location Saturday evenings
Pimento fritters were really good . I don ' t recall what our meal was , but I remember it was decent . Want to give this place another try .
Great food but the wait is a bit much and when I got my food the eggs that said they were poached were hard boiled . But other than that the eggs Benedetto was fantastic .
Big meat portions . Tiziki sauce with the fresh pita is yummy . Really nice employees . Fries are good .
Quite delicious but desserts are advertised as $ 4 on menu outside , $ 5 on the wall but are actually $ 6 on the menu inside ( and your bill ) .
Food was good but service was slow . We went in for a quick lunch and was there for an hour and 15 minutes . I would go back but not when time is an issue .
Great location on the strip but the food & service needs improvement . Wait a very long time to someone to take our order . The queso was a disappointment : (
