Always a fun outing to come for great hot dogs and ALL the fixings ! A great place to bring out of town company for a good lunch a new experience .
Was a Chicago style deep dish . Homemade type crust , good sauce . I ordered extra cheese , Italian sausage , canadian bacon and jalepeno ! ! Was GOOD AND definitely filling ! ! !
Prices are reasonable . . . fried rice , Thai flat noodle with Duck , and the yellow curry is delicious ! However , they burnt my fried calamari : (
I was excited to finally eat here . I ordered Carne Asada tacos and rice and beans . The food was great the chicks were hot . The chip and salsa were good .
Great little sushi spot Took advantage of all you can eat to sample lots of different types of fish Friendly staff Great variety of items on the menu A must try
Food was really good , but $ 14 for a carry - out Greek salad seemed kinda pricey . . .
Second brunch visit . Loved the Hash and the Eggs Benedict . Great atmosphere . Nice service . I will be back again .
We love this place . Service is always good and food is delicious . Korean pancake and Meat Chun are my favorites .
WOW - a good hearty meal . The quality of the meat seems quite good . Service is great . Food may not be very good for me but always nice as a treat once in a while .
The pizza is very , very good ! We arrived 15 minutes before closing time and the restaurant staff were very accommodating !
My mother and I often go here on Sunday mornings . I am a big fan of their Eggs Country Benedict and she says that their Huevos Rancheros are the best she has ever had .
I was incorrect : it ' s going to be Harlem Underground , probably an extension of Harlem Restaurant but as a lounge / resto .
I liked this place . The Gyros are huge and can fill you up . I liked the baklava as well . The falafals were very good and salad was fresh .
The two guys that run this do a real solid job . One of the better if not the best deli ' s north of the city .
All the locations are convenient easy hours of operations and staff are always friendly ! Price are pretty much compatible with everybody else !
Beautiful food and restaurant . they give ya food for days and days ! I got the deelish risotto ( they have multiple risottos ) . the service was great too .
Nice place . . Excellent decor and authentic food . Little disappointed with drink , specially Margarita . Good experience and surely visit again .
Excellent service . They usually have my peracriptions on hand . which is rare for . a pharmacy to have .
Awesome she let me have a free pair of sunglasses , Lol
You can find everything in this mall but it ' s always so packed with people it tires me out . They need more and bigger / cleaner washrooms here .
Great draft choices , friendly staff and affordable prices . Good place to grab a beer with a friend or sit back and watch a game .
Good lunch with the wife Tiffany I believe her name was greeted us very nicely whole entire staff was very nice and polite food came out fast and free ice cream is always a nice touch .
Don ' t eat all day and go here to eat every animal under the sun . Above average salad bar but not the best brazilian steakhouse I ' ve ever been to before .
My coworker turned me on to this place . The place is a classic hole in the wall with good food . I had the burger , wings and fries all was delicious with a great price .
A little pricy but the quality of the food , the service of the host / server , and the location was worth it .
Loved the pizza . They had a great selection . Services wasn ' t bad . The wings are also tasty . It was the breakfast of champions ! ; ^ D
I didn ' t try more than 1 drink but was happy with it . Had s licorice stick . Super yummy .
Food is yummy , hot pots are affordable . Only complaint is the long wait for service and food , but the food is good enough to keep me coming back !
Clean , nice and friendly with reasonable prices . Had a relaxing and beautiful pedicure , thank you !
Nice place but smaller and more intimate than Los Angeles location . Our server Rickey was Great !
Not fancy decor - wise , but the service was great , it wasn ' t overly crowded and there were VEGETARIAN options . Hurrah ! : )
FOOD : overall tasty and fresh with most of the basic side dishes as standard . SERVICE : is friendly and professional . They check in fairly regularly and are responsive to requests .
I liked this place a lot They have a few duck dishes that I was very happy about . I want to try everything on the menu So I ' ll definitely try to come back more often
Very nice eating environment and the food are quite nice . Very native Japanese style .
Great food the pho was very good , not too fatty and . Well spiced . The chicken salad was excellent , the dressing being just spicy enough .
Awesome store , tons of stuff you haven ' t seen in years ! ! ! ! Great staff , fun trip down memory lane . All of this and cheaper than Game stop . Check em out !
Stayed here again June 21 - 24 . Elevators are fixed . Most rooms updated . I really like this hotel : )
Great Italian sandwich , made to order ! The milkshakes are fantastic as well ! Excellent lunch and solid customer service . I ' m a fan !
Very clean , fast service , friendly staff . Would be 5 stars but they were out of what I ordered .
This is our go - to place for lunch and just a friendly atmosphere . Very consistent food . Always good .
Travel to CLT a lot but this was the first time trying PZA . Missed dinner tue to delayed flights , and missed breakfast due to early flight out . Great breakfast pizza ! Did the job .
I had the absolute stress . The sunshine Sangaria is awesome ! ! ! ! ! I would definitely recommend this place .
I had the grass jelly milk tea and it was pretty decent . Milky , cold , and the sweetness level is customizable for individual preferences . The wifi here is also surprisingly good too !
Exceeded my expectations . Rooms were well kept and clean . Very spacious . Great if you have kids .
The restaurant is open and well laid out . The staff are friendly and quick . The menu is packed with the comfort foods .
Nice place for kids to play at the castle and have a picnic . It has a restroom and walking trail . Great that the community put it together and it ' s free .
First timers here ! Super friendly staff , ordered a Rebel , Freeze and Birthday cake . Great drinks !
The beef brisket soup noodles were very good , I could tell the noodles were fresh . The pork soup dumplings were excellent as well . Open 24 / 7 , so a great late night option .
Freshly made noodles and flavorful broth . I ' m not sure if this place has a Taiwanese cook , but their Beef Noodle Soup was fabulous .
Trendy and expensive . But the food is pretty good . Had the al pastor and thought it was a bit too salty . The duck confit was flavorful .
Wow , nice restaurant , nice people good food , and adjusted menu to suit my need , even with a full house , and reasonably priced
Love this location , super friendly staff . Very courteous and accommodating . Clean and quiet . Love those onion rings and all day breakfast !
Great service , good food and reasonable prices . The lamb shank was excellent . I would recommend if in the area .
This is my go - to DD . I always get great service and great coffee . The staff is always in a great mood and it makes for a great start to my day .
Great HH and awesome catfish dinner for only $ 9 ! The king crab with the trifecta is my favorite . Remember to order bread for all the deliciousness ! !
Asada nachos are pretty good . The waitress was super nice . I would come back here when in Vegas !
I ' m starting to really like Kohl ' s as much as I like J . C . Penney . ( I like J . C . Penney )
This location is convenient for meeting my husband for dinner after work . The food is consistently good . Service is okay . Love the ribeye and baked potato .
Great pedicures , complete with rose petals in the water , but would skip the manicures .
Service a little slow at peak hour , but friendly and welcoming . Very good food . My family enjoyed it a lot .
The Broadstone Stetson is very helpful . I have called multiple times asking questions regarding my new apartment , and they are always responding quickly and are happy to answer any questions I may have .
Charburger was about a pound , it was huge and delicious ! Ice Cream Shakes were great too .
yea i have to say this was not quite gelato , but an ice cream ? either way , it was cute and portion size was cool . cinnamon was delicioso !
Nice Italian food with good prices and generous portions . Whats not to like ?
Great lunch specials ! ! Great margaritas ! Bar service was wonderful & friendly . . . . cant wait to come back ! Luv AZ
Nice pizza / snack place , pleasant ambiance and not too formal . Fast friendly service . Their pizza Zucca is amazing ! 4 stars for overall value
Maybe not the absolute best Mediterranean food you will find , but for fast good food it ' s a must . Super awesome service also make it a plus .
Great value for quality food . Reasonably priced beer . Long lines .
The fish sandwich is amazing ! Great cocktails and a good beer selection .
Great all around . The tortilla soup was fabulous and the service from everyone was awesome ! The only reason for 4 stars was nothing really blew me away .
Very fast to go service . The pad thai is made from bigger noodles than i ' m used to but had a very good flavor
Stopped in for a late afternoon lunch and was pleasantly surprised . We had wraps and waffle fries ( add cheese ) and everything tasted fresh and delicious . Beer selection is good and ice cold .
The food was great . The service was impeccable . The aquarium in the center of the restaurant is amazing .
Solid pizza . Maybe slightly on the rich side but sometimes that ' s what you ' re looking for ! Went for this when Pizzaiolo was closed last night and was very happy with the decision .
I just are here and everything was fine . I had a two piece Classic Meal , all white , Extra Crispy with mashed potatoes and cole slaw . The drive thru service was quick and polite .
Delicious food , good service , pleasant ambiance . Good vegetarian options . Cons : very loud , very busy .
The rolls are delicious , good mango lemonades , and their country fried chicken was awesome . Also got a minibucket nutter butter which was great . And we got to keep the little bucket ! So cute !
Just ordered a pizza with pepperoni , sausage , and onion . , , really good pizza ! ! Spinach dip is also really good ! Good place to go ! ! Yum ! !
Pretty good . . had sweet and sour chicken . . i had to have them reheat the food but otherwise it was tasty
Good food . . . authentic stews . . . rather small portions . . . but if you are in the mood for good Korean BBQ in Vegas this is a good place .
Good service and overall pretty good and there was many items you can choose . My mom likes it so we come here often .
Yummy ! Great selection of ice cream , nice outside spot to sit and friendly staff . And who doesn ' t love their free ice cream day ? ! ? !
Beer flights and food were amazing here ! ! We had a very cool server and the atmosphere makes you want to stay and drink several beer flights ! Best BBQ in Chambana !
I really enjoyed the atmosphere as we ' ll the free bull rides ! Music was great and they had a good mic of two step vs . lines dancing so everyone could join in
One of the best subs I have had in awhile , honest . Two people can easily split the medium fry BTW so dont go straight for the large , lol .
One of the places where I regularly take out - of - town visitors for a bit of nostalgia . I especially like it during Christmas time as they decorate with period decorations to match the setting .
It ' s looking a little rough around the edges but the iconic Sugar Bowl is still a favorite family event when in Scottsdale !
Everything was fabulous ! The service was wonderful ! It was really nice to sit outside , enjoy a delicious meal , and some reasonably priced cocktails on this summer night !
Fantastic beer selection . Both tap beer and bottled beer selection are expansive . Lots of work to do here . Giant pretzels are a nice Bavarian touch . I ' ll be back for a visit soon .
Tough to find . It ' s off the street , down an alley / walkway . Can ' t comment on the food because they were closed for the week .
Food awesome . Outdoor seating could be improved by larger chairs nd some shade relief .
Excellent noodles . . . love the pho . . . would give it a 5 but I ' ve had better and some similar in Phoenix .
Great happy hour prices at the bar . $ 2 domestics and $ 4 - $ 5 appetizers . Quick and friendly service at the bar and entertaining service at the grill tables .
I love the fact I can watch my dog playing on their Cam .
They have good service , beer selection , and the pizza we got was fantastic . Their spinach dip was more of typical bar food , just alright .
Great Service . The food was good . The lasagna was a little too spicy for me . I want to try their pizza next . Parking was crazy and long wait times are negative factors .
Giant salads with fresh ingredients , bomb wings , and friendly service ! Also offers gluten free crusts , which is a nice treat for me . A neighborhood favorite !
This is a little bit off the strip , but the view is so nice , and the price is low ! Also , the Champagne brunch is good !
Pretty good food , large portions and the price is great too . The staff is a little unprofessional but for the most part the value for the price can ' t beat it .
Great bagels and are a tie - in with Fairmount bagels for me . Hot out of the oven .
The hosts and waiters were all very nice . I got their Spaghetti Aglio e Olio with a side of Angus Beef filet mignon meatballs - very good . . .
The food is amazing ! The service could be better . Overall , it ' s worth it ! Get the gladiator roll !
Had some awesome tasting Indian food after long time . Everything we ordered was great . Service could be little better and fast . Overall great place .
Nic3 clean store . Very helpful employees . I l8ke some of tue brands they carry . I have been coming here for years . I prefer going to aurora farms but sometimes I check kohl ' s .
Bartender had good recommendations . . Loved the meatball appetizer ( moist and well seasoned ) and the salad with bacon bits .
Excellent service . Had a concern with the products i purchased , but the manager took ownership and helped me get everything straightened out . Friendly staff .
I thought I had reviewed this already . read my Pink House Treasures review . Great store . LUV it
Food is great . Meats are fresh and service is good . The only reason I give 4 start is because the wait time is over an hour .
Genuine Italian food . Very pricey wine list . Hidden location , unless you know .
Nice enough looking location . Parking is plentiful . Waiter was engaging but did disappear for long spells . Food was good , not sure we had anything that was AMAZING . Worth at least a revisit .
Loved it ! Wonderful Ambience , Delicious Food , Great Service !
Such a neat hot dog joint ! The fact that they have vegan hot dogs make them better ! And I love the fried plantains . . . . mmmm ! Thanks Simon ' s !
Good portions and good value . We had simple breakfast food . Eggs , potatoes and french toast were yummy . We will be back .
My kind of small hang out . I stumbled on this place this morning . The bagels are seasoned on both sides . Love this place
Great food . Family dining . Good service and price .
This was my go to supplier of peacock feathers when our cat Skeeter was still alive . Love the MadCat Bucks too !
Great authentic Mediterranean restaurant . Lamb was excellent and had the best baklava I have ever had . Definitely be back soon !
The most unhealthy place I have ever eaten . The scrambler is insane ! Eggs + meat + cheese . Oh my lord it ' s huge . If you can handle the cholesterol spike , go .
Tried for Queen ' s Feast . Decent enough and waitstaff was good . Even got wine with our price - fixed menu which I thought was nice . In accessible location with plenty of parking .
Seated on time , no delay with reservation . Food very good food and service . Well worth the money . Parking is tough have to use complimentary valet .
loved my burrito , but these girls next to me hated their tacos , at pink taco ? lol i guess you have to know what to order and not expect authentic Mexican food : ]
First time here . Got the blueberry pancakes . They were very good . And they have grits . I will be going back for sure
Very creamy ice cream . Moist and delicious cookies . Will definitely come visit again . We had chocolate chip cookies with vanilla ice cream . Service was excellent . Friendly and courteous .
Great pizza but lacks consistency . Lots of toppings to choose from . Needs more choices in dipping sauces .
Best Gluten free vegan pizza in the world ! ! !
The food is full of flavor . Great portion size . Super clean restaurant . Just wish the dishes were better and plastic wear .
Cheap well made sushi here . Nice location in the oxford building across from the au bau pain . Bento boxes are really convenient and tasty . Try the spicy California roll .
Awesome place near the house . Great find . Great food . I will definitely be back to visit . Great staff and very courtious .
very good straightforward , fast , friendly , i gave 4 star because they did not honor $ 7 . 77 smog check advertised price but i will go back with both of my corollas .
Love , love , love ! Took a friend for his birthday . The food was amazing , the drinks were fantastic - try the spicy margarita if nothing else . A little pricy but a great experience .
Had a bang bang burger , fries , and a beer . It was everything I hoped it could be , and more . Burger was done to my liking , and the homemade roll was fantastic .
Bel endroit ! Assez petit mais bien pour assister à des concerts de jazz . Bon cocktails !
A little slow on the service , extensive special menu show , they screwed their chick scratch bill and it actuallu benefittdd ibiza or Mallorca we will Come again
Good place , reasonable prices . But sometime oil change takes bit more time . Overall , i like this place bc they care about customers and they always nice to me .
I ordered a bang bang shrimp and soft shell crab and those are wonderful ! ! Love it . Little suggestion , should have some noodle with a bang bang shrimp . It would be awesome .
pad tai tastes good , the chicken is tender , the service is good too . also it is a quiet place which is good for dating .
Nice sashimi ! Very fresh and good quality . It would be perfect if the wasabi in nigiri were even at every piece .
Came here for lunch today . Good breakfast food and didn ' t have to wait . Fast and great service .
Great Sushi ! The Candy Cane Roll & Kiss of Fire are awesome if you like spicy . Just a block from Sushi Fever and just as good .
They did a great job saving our big sycamore tree and they were right on budget !
Give it a try , this place definitely deserves your patronage . Food is good , not too spicy , and its very laid back ,
The steak and the spot prawns or spot - on ! Cooked to perfection seasoned with love and I ate with great passion . Was like love in my heart except it was in my mouth .
Come here when you want a generic breakfast . The crepes were great . Everything is just good , nothing incredible , but will live up to your expectations of iHop .
daily I go get my beverage from this starbucks because its clean there fast and everyone that works there is always polite and friendly .
Russian Chocolate Babka !
Great food . Clean and nice ambience . Love the menu selection . The appetizers are the best in town .
Solid steak house . The cocktails were a little heavy on sweet and light in kick , but dinner was really satisfying . For a chain , they were very accommodating of a food allergy .
Ordered Lumpia and cheese rolls from Casa Filipina and they were amazing . I will definitely be back to try other items
Taste , customer service , atmosphere are all 5 / 5 so but the price and location is not letting me give an overall 5 / 5 . . Go if you feel like treating yourself a little
Good food and excellent burrata and tomato salad ! ! Good service . Highly recommend .
Good place , quick service . Fried brie was really tasty . Trio of sliders a bit on the dry side , but good overall .
I really miss the Northstar Amber but the specialty beers are always good . Food is excellent and the service staff is friendly .
Very unique ambiance and interesting back story . It was really crowded and loud when I was there so it wasn ' t very conducive for studying . Other than that , it was nice .
Their curry chicken is so good ! One thing that bothered me was the amount of bones in the chicken . It would ' ve been better if they used boneless chicken .
Awesome little diner that has been around for a long time . Simple food and great deserts !
Large resturante , small bar , good food with fast and friendly service . Portions are huge and the prices aren ' t high .
Attended a event , nice intimate private space for gatherings . The wine and spirits were good , and if they don ' t have what you desire , the staff will happily create something for you .
I haven ' t been here in a number of years . But I will say that the food is always good and service is great .
Good And Fast Service , Friendly Staff . Will Recommend .
Good massage , nice environment and professional staff . I ' ll return to this business in the future .
Mediocre service but the food is pretty good . I like their menudo and posole and it ' s a pretty good price - $ 7 ! However , Their micheladas are really expensive .
This is my go - to grocery store . Outstanding customer service but a little pricey on some items .
Walked over from a local hotel . Typical hotel sports bar motif . Had great service and a nice chicken Caesar salad . Not a bad place at all .
Dropped by with a friend of mine for lunch . Decent food for price . I tried the taco salad and the burrito , both were pretty good .
I love their cinnamon crunch bagel and soon to try the chicken salad sandwich . so fresh and inexpensive .
Very nice . This place rocks . Great soup . Spring rolls Pho GA was fabulous . It ' s authentic with great service . Love it .
Great little place . Excellent Pho and egg rolls . Service was prompt and helpful . Will return next time I ' m in Goodyear .
Love the fish tacos and great Noda atmosphere .
Sooo yummy , a little high in price but it ' s worth it . The food is always fresh & fast . The decor makes me feel like I ' m not in AZ anymore : )
Great appetizers , and good pescetarian options , nice value . Plus the deserts are super bomb . Service left something to be desired .
Now a Close out King . Great stuff and prices . Well organised .
Delicious fresh food , courteous service and great coffee . . . . . will definitely go again
Disliked the calamari . . . way too heavy on the deep fry . With mayo ? I like traditional asian calamari . The spring rolls were great : )
Pizza was pretty authentic , I am a New Yorker so always looking for good pizza . Also , tried the cannoli and it was awesome .
I like going to this place because it is close to work and rarely busy . The people are nice and they do a decent job !
Great food , try the bourbon grilled chicken sandwich really good , and the big onion rings . Good service for lunch .
By far the best shawarma in Calgary . Chicken Shawarma is great , great price and very friendly staff
Friendly people , good food and clean . But small place which is okay ( it makes it cozy ) .
Oh my dear Brisket , you and I shall be together again !
The stuffed Pablano peppers are the best I have had . Everything was very good and Taxco has become our go to Mexican restaurant .
Came in at 5 : 45 , seated right away . Very accommodating . Dave our server was awesome . Super friendly and nice !
Cheap and delicous ! I definently understand why there is a hype for canadian bagels . The bagels were soft and chewy with moisture unlike new york bagels . Definently worth the try !
The place is next to the Atwater metro . . . . very hip place to be . They have a great saki choice . Menu is simple with pictures . Raman is thru the roof with flavors .
A little hidden gem . Great selection to choose from . Will definitely be going back .
Great lunch experience today . A must if your a fan of Mediterranean food . Great selection of Mediterranean dishes . Good for a quick lunch or a sit down dinner .
The best Wings ever . I ' m so glad that Henderson NV has a Wing stop now . Great service fresh and clean . Very friendly folks , great smiles .
I love this place , I come here about 2 to 3 times a week for lunch ! It is a little pricey but I keep coming back soo . . .
As usual , both drinks i got were great . The soup ( carrot of some kind ) was great . Nicer staff but music that is too loud means they stay at 4 stars .
Nice little spot to grab a healthy lunch . I love the BBQ Chicken Salad and their Mushroom Soup is amazing ! ! !
Nice healthy breakfast options . A few ingredient changes in the past two years that were not for the better , but the staff is absolutely AMAZING .
Huge omelet that I split with my niece for breakfast with ordered sides of turkey bacon . All yummy and service was spectacular .
The food was very good . Their ranch dressing is home made and so good . The portions are very big . The service was the best part .
When attending University activities , this restaurant was always the first options for take out , and it never disappoint me . ; )
Located in the Target / Kohl ' s shopping center inside Target .
Absolutely delicious food , great service , and gorgeous scenery . Perfect place for any meal .
Great deals - Five tacos for $ 5 . 00 and lots of meat . I really like the salsa bar too !
This place is such a treat ! We had the seafood gumbo and the shrimp po boy . Both were very tasty !
Food was good , I love the whole atmosphere . We ate outside , it was really nice . My only complaint is the parking .
Stopped in for lunch before a Bucs game . Great service and food . Hamburger was thick and juicy cooked perfectly . Service is excellent . I can highly recommend SoHo as your pre Bucco stop .
I love this place . They have very refreshing drinks . So many choices to choose from . The staff are very friendly . Very nice place to hang out .
Old stand by . Love this place . Try the chicken lollipops . Great place to meet up with friends before heading out to other adventures on an evening in Toronto
Very nice place to eat in this airport . The green chilli burger was very spicy and perfectly flavorful . Also as messy as can be .
I ' m not a huge fan of the icecream but I love this place all the same . Wonderful staff , great food , and the ambiance of atmosphere is always retro . Love it .
Food is always good and so are the prices . Service however is slow . They have a great happy hour on sushi !
Went for a business dinner and sat on the patio . . . . it was HOT , but so pretty . Wine was a very good price , service was fine and the food was lovely .
Great atmosphere . The pho is declining in quality compared to a year ago . Service is good .
Hot dogs were delicious and fun to mix and match toppings . They do fried dogs too and it ' s great . Beer selection is obviously fantastic . Check our their beer cave !
Great meals and you absolutely get your money ' s worth . We usually get two meals from every entree . Restaurant is always busy so expect a wait especially during the winter months .
My first vietnamese restaurant in town like their pho and spring roll .
C ' était la grande ouverture aujourd ' hui et je passais par hasard . Service très sympathique et beau concept . Un plus dans le quartier .
Awesome wings ! Get them grilled for sure . . . . . great food , fun atmosphere .
Great new remodel . Food is good and a better atmosphere than before . The only thing that sucks is the wifi only 1 MB download speeds . . . really sucks
I had a Groupon and enjoyed my curry of the day ! The rice was good and the curry was pretty good too . I would go back again to try more of the dishes !
Had the fried smelt and they were great with my beer . Good service , and they were playing Beetlejuice behind the bar !
Pretzel sticks beer and burgers .
Totally decent British - style fish and chips . I suggest the curry dipping sauce . No bathroom though .
They have a large selection of books . Crystals were reasonably priced . They had plenty of astrology related jewelry .
food is great . love their ramen and the black cod . haven ' t had anything that I didn ' t enjoy there . just a little too load for my taste .
Nice course . Definitely over priced . Fairways are wide . Rough is generous . Greens are very challenging but well cared for . Staff is nice too .
Cute and quite . Drink came with the most amazing ice cube . Good verity of wines and live music on a Tuesday night . Hidden gem .
The food , environment , and overall service was great . The staff was very friendly and welcoming . The place could be a little cleaner which is why only 4 stars .
Very friendly staff ! Good customer service . Had a pleasant experience with the cashier , she was very personable .
Would have given it 5 stars but the customer service was horrible . The drinks were good and fairly priced . I got the 190 Octane mixed with category 5 . Made vegas a little bit better
Always enjoy our meals at Flancers . Prickly pear chicken is awesome , love the flavor . Never had a disappointing meal at Flancers . Staff is always pleasant and we love all the rock and roll posters !
Just moved to the area and I really enjoy this mall . It ' s very clean and there are just so many great stores to choose from ! The food court is pretty yummy too : )
Great drinks , especially the Hurricane . Surf and Turf burger was a little dry and bun fell apart . Fries were good and crispy . Service at the bar is great !
Nice fun neighborhood bar and tavern . Prices are great the servers are wonderful .
Good time . Could use an update in the main room . However I think the price is just steep .
Really like the atmosphere , the light and the food . Toucher les tables vernisées et tres douces en attendant la bouffe fut un plaisir . Choix de smothies et de desserts . I will come back !
Good food . Large portions . Good value . Breakfasts are gigantic . Reliable . Good quick service . Try the meatloaf and the chicken fried steaks
Great authentic Japanese food with great service . Free wifi available too .
Enjoyed ! Sat in VIP , worth it . 75 min show . Good numbers . Wish the guys stripped too .
This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants . They have the best chips and salsa , and usually good service . I love the machaca burrito , espinaca style . Also the chicken fajitas .
Quality sushi . Good menu . Been a few times never a bad meal . Only negative is parking if you are just going for food and not shopping . Cool servers
Good food served hot . Chicken fingers meaty and tasty . Good beer selection too ! One of my favorite spots for reliable food and friendly service .
Good , not great . The sushi was flavorful and fresh , but it didn ' t really wow me like good sushi should . Nice for a casual sushi shop .
International crowd says it all . . . El fresco atmosphere is my favorite . . . Always enjoy their coffee and friendly staff . We come here weekly !
Tasty and affordable lunch . As Americans we wanted to try the Poutine and it didn ' t disappoint .
Excellentes grillades , service rapide , produits frais . Le forfait all you can eat n ' est pas cher et donne un bon aperçu
Very pleasant cafe inside Benevilla . Great service , nice selection for lunch . Live music some evenings , check their schedule . Used books for sale . Thoroughly enjoyable . Tasty food ! Nearby walking paths .
The smoked meat sandwich was simply delicious ! The beers on tap could use a bit more selection though .
I ' ve tried their other chicken flavours . But I ' m hooked on their calypso chicken The service is nice and quick and just your typical fast food but the food is honestly amazing
This park just recently opened . One of the nicer family parks I ' ve been too that have a lot of fun spots for the kids and plenty of picnic table space .
The food was great ! I love the Royal Red Robin . The bottomless fries always prevent me from ordering dessert though , I get too full .
Great breakfast - had steak and eggs . Pace and service is VERY leisurely , even during the week . We enjoyed our breakfast outside on the " veranda " overlooking the Venezia pool .
Went this afternoon and ordered pork lomein and sweet / sour chicken . Delicious !
We stayed there while bowling womens national tournament great room nice and quiet great food also recommend the Italian place great food .
Exactly what I was looking for . Just good , fast take - out Chinese food . The food was really good and the vegetables were fresh . I ' ll definitely be a return customer .
A regular spot for us it has a great space and garden patio . The menu is short and sweet . I had the glazed salmon and broccoli and it was great . The Posole is fantastic here btw
Pretty decent food . Service was pretty good as well . Wish the restaurant had more beef items on the menu though . Just needs a big neon Texas sign on the wall too !
Best coffee in the St Clair West neighborhood . The had my favorite tea brand , and consistently quality coffee . The seating and interior is beautiful and comfortable . This is a veritable Italian cafe .
Great place to have a tuna melt . It is very delicious and nutritious . The Texas chili hits the spot every time .
I appreciate the staff , clean facilities and responsiveness to maintenance requests . I have utlized the gym and access to wi fi in the office with no issues ,
Best you can get on the danforth . I have been to this restaurant more times than I can remember and its very consistent . Tip : drink retsina with Greek food .
I love going to Skate Land with my Son ! They are great for birthday parties and they play great music !
The food here is amazing and the service is very friendly . A bit tucked away in a strip mall , but well worth seeking it out .
Dr Desanto is amazing ! He ' s kind and patient . One of the best doctors ive ever had .
Good atmosphere and really helpful employees . I am not an expert with Indian food , but I thought theirs was tasty . Especially for a counter service restaurant .
Gave this spot a 4 thanks to the view otherwise a 3 . . . . but for the STRIP PRICES are fair . . Great Munchie Food . Brats , Beer , Brisket !
Great place for the family , good prices . Staff was pretty friendly . Nice that you can order food and have it brought to you
Very nicely decorated coffee / tea place in the Yonge and Finch area . We tried the Most espresso , the Green tea mix and a smoothie which were all good .
Great place . Although judging a book by its cover we almost turned around . We enjoyed the barbelo wings as an appetizer . As well as the free hush puppies .
Staff seems very friendly and of course the food is great . Kinda small dining area compared to others I ' ve been to before but very nice !
Had a great dinner here with my family ! The pozole was excellent ! The service was great - very attentive and welcoming . Thank you Esteban ! Definitely plan on coming back !
The food is simple but good . I had a bacon , egg cheddar bagel . If you are looking for a place with a bit of diner flair , you should check this out .
Best Lemonade ever ! ! No line after 5 on a Wednesday evening . . Amazing Fast service , very cute & quiet spot
Slightly overpriced , but the " Skinny Jeans " juice is delicious . The inside could be a little more inviting & it is a little dark , but is basically just a grab and go place .
heard of this place through my boss . we decided to try it and we loved it . sushi / sashimi is always fresh . great service .
Their pita bread is awesome ! Freshly made and delicious ! Gyros are good and Greek salad is on point .
The pizzza ordered had a really nice bubbled charred crust , the toppings of pepperoni and sausage were nicely flavored all in all worth checking out .
This is a good Big Lots location with a large selection of items . The aisles were well stocked and organized and I enjoyed my shopping visit quite a bit .
Tried the bee legendary . I have to say this maybe the best nut milk that I ' ve tried but man , it ' s quite expensive . Service was good . Good location as well .
I came to this Del Taco and ordered some Tacos and a burrito . Everything was tasty and the owner and staff were quick and friendly . I recommend this Spot !
Nice classy steakhouse , we ordered the porterhouse for 2 , which was delicious . Cocktail menu could be better . Wine selection was nice . Their creme brûlée was very delicious ! Overall a pleasant experience
Great independent coffee and pastry spot in the heart of Tivoli Village with free parking .
Excellent service , nice atmosphere , friendly staff . The food is phenomenal . Soups and sandwiches are made with the best ingredients , haven ' t tried the pastries but they look great . Highly recommended
The vegetarian options here are great . Try the enchiladas vegetarianos and wash it down with some horchata .
The Stetson Chopped salad is everything you ' re hoping it ' ll be and more . Unless the more is a cheeseburger . It ' s not a cheeseburger .
I had veg tali cauliflower / potato and chickpeas . I ' m not an Indian food expert but I really love this place cheap and they give a lot always full and happy !
Sushi was fantastic including the rolls we ordered . Miso soup was very average . Very nice ambiance . Definitely coming back .
Loved the server and California chicken club was filling , bit overpriced but would go back again
I love this place . Love the little stores , bars , restaraunts , outdoor movie nights , Whole Foods , etc . I just wish thr parking was better .
I got to watch WVU & Pens in the same room . The smell of bleach made me realize two things . The place is clean & the Southside is still the Southside . I loved it .
I like it overall . The quality matches the price .
Two Words : Frozen Cosmos You need no other motivation to go to Harris ' ( although , the food and service is good too )
Good yummy healthy vegan food !
Why wait around too long if it ' s so easy making an appointment online ? Doing some helps you plan out your day better .
