10pm on a super bowl Sunday and they ' re already closed ? ? Weak , no wonder the hard Rock is dying off . . .
A margarita in clear plastic dickie cup ? ? ? Wtf ? ? The drunkin shrimp plate should of been called the goldfish feeder shrimp platter . .
The pizza wasn ' t very warm when it arrived ( they didn ' t use the warming bag at time of delivery ) and the order was wrong , but the pizza tasted good .
High price , low quality and bad taste . It ' s not Chinese food nor American food . Don ' t recommend it .
Had a 11 Person dinner there . Service was good , but Everything is over priced compared to quality . All the stakes and meet was over done ( even when sent back to re do ) .
Food taste Ok . I like the pasta selection . However , there is No seafood choices at all . If you are looking for seafood , skip this place .
Our server was very nice and attentive . Margaritas were delicious . But unfortunately the food , no bueno .
I thought Mezes was over - rated . The food is very similar to a bunch of Greek places which are much better value . I thought it was over priced and not all that great .
Ugh ! From hostess , to 15 minutes for a waiter , to mediocre at best food ( flautas were blandly acceptable ) . Don ' t waste your time or money .
It ' s ok . Customer service lacking . Not the " fun " experience its made out to be . It ' s a $ 5 ice cream sandwich . Definitely not worth the trip .
Food is good but they dont let you mix match like bdubs . . . So for that u get two stars bruh
It has slowly but surely gone downhill . Friday night and it ' s empty so I think other people are thinking the same thing . They messed up every dish we ordered .
Empty restaurant at 8pm , bar closing , no chef cooking and absolutely nobody in the restaurant . We made the mistake of staying . Fish restaurant with two choices of fish , but mostly fried . Stay away
If you like the way cake mix from a box tastes then this is the place for you . I felt like I could ' ve easily made these at home .
Slow service . Neglected our table repeatedly . Food came out cold and drinks were delayed by 20 - 30 minutes .
Way over price for the entree . Too much msg ! Got so thirsty afterwards . Sad that we don ' t have a decent pho places in the north Scottsdale area .
Great service and atmosphere . The food and drinks are way overpriced though . If you like your Mexican food mild to bland , this is the place for you .
Subpar food , eggs Benedict was nasty and thick . Consistency was like mayo . Service was so slow , everyone looks like they hate their life . It took forever to get attention for refills on drinks .
Can be better if they put bit more attention to finishing foods and customer needs . . . masala tea is ofcource nor good
Not worth it . My friend and I both felt sick after ordering take out . I suggest going somewhere else . . .
Have to wait about 10 minutes . Mediocre drive - thru service . Something either out of service or they ran out of .
No wifi . Very small , low ceilings . Equipment is very close together .
Mediocre as far as Indian food goes . It ' s relatively more authentic than fast food chains , substantially more expensive , and definitely doesn ' t hit the spot . Very disappointing .
No customer service as the " help " wander around doing nothing . One star for having a greeter that says nothing .
Worst place I ' ve ever been , they don ' t care at all about you . It is badly run and badly organized , just terrible truly terrible
Went here to grub but was disappointed . The Baja chicken rolls were flavorless and the fried pickles were rock hard salt licks . Even their ranch dressing was a solid . lump . Never eating here again .
So disappointed in a floral arrangement I had sent to a funeral . Flowers looked like something you would pick up at a grocery store . I will not use them again .
Food is consistently good here . Portions are adequate , but the service can be slow . The space is tight , and parking can be an issue in lawrenceville .
This place is so small and business is run by dumb ass illegal mf horrible prices better off saving gas and time in the sun to just go but part new never goin there again
In most cases bacon makes everything better . I got bacon cheese potato . They were so dry and bland even the bacon could not make these edible . They went in the trash .
Worst food experience ever . Avoid this place and spend your hard earned money somewhere else .
Terrible Company ! They lie about where you are going to be staying even though they send you out a confirmation . Don ' t believe a word that Louis D ' Amato says !
Started out comparable to Robertos , but has gotten gradually worse . Super nachos barely have any meat on them ! ! I ' d rather make the drive to find Robertos .
We just wanted some McDonalds and when we pulled through they were like " It ' s gonna be a minute " and I just wanted my fries
The service was terrible . The line was 10 deep and employees were moping around like they hated life .
For a place that has " burger " in the title , they sure don ' t serve a good one . I ' ve had better burgers at McDonald ' s !
These people were actually quite rude to us when we were customers . Literally treated us like thieves when we came in to transfer a phone to another .
This location is consistently the slowest location in the southwest area , whether you go inside or use the drive thru . Save yourself the wasted time & frustration .
Americanized Russian food with no alcohol , atmosphere is bland , and service was only okay
I found a piece of glass in my water ! So be careful when coming here . . . The food is ok - it is a little on the salty side .
Do not go here , the place is awful , & the workers are theifs , they steal from cars & blame the customers , Do not go here at all
Huge portion but nothing special . We had the galbi chicken June meat combo that many people raved about . Chicken was too sweet . June meat is boring . The galbi , however , was very good .
The sign says they open at 7am , but apparently they overslept today hahaha . Two stars for sleeping in !
The food is terrible . We tried the dim sum . We were disappointed and overcharged . We won ' t be back .
This place was really bad food was awful my fries were cold . The place was dirty no one table was wiped off .
The b7 I ordered looks / tastes nothing like night market fried chicken tender in Taiwan . Vegetable on the side is over cooked . My friend and I have diarrhea after eating at Phusion Cafe . . .
They ran out of beef . . . . . I came here to specifically try the bulgogi kimchi fries . . . and they ran out of . . . . beef . . . .
i ' d rather go to amado ' s ! the only thing that ' s good here is the bean dip , and i ' m only saying that so that i have something nice to say .
So slow ! I ' m an ex - employee , these girls were so incompetent it was driving me nuts .
Extremely rude coworkers ! ! Prices are overly too much ! They don ' t accept cash AND you have to buy tartar sauce too ? Are you kiddn me ? Never AGAIN coming back ! !
Just waited 25 minutes for an ok burger and chewy fries . No apology , no explanation . No reason to do that again .
Pizza is pure garbage . But what do you expect for $ 5 ? ? ? Was not " Hot and Ready " when I walked in .
Came in and order at 3 . 16 pm waited for 30 mins . Still haven ' t gotten our order . Hopefully next time when I come bavk , we might get better service .
Fedex sucks so hard that they hand off our deliveries to the USPS . What was the point in using FedEx in the first damn place .
Second time in and again I wait for a Ready Now plain ole cheese pizza ! I need to learn to go to another store that may be ready to care for customers !
10 min wait for table . They got my co - worker ' s order wrong . Nice view of the planes taking off and landing .
Stay away . Over exaggerates and nit - picks using his limited knowledge .
I would give them zero stars if I could . Terrible experience with reception and parking staff .
Horrible food , worse music , inattentive staff and overpriced drinks . No wonder they closed .
Worst Mexican food that I ' ve ever had . Ever . I have no other words to describe it . I would not recommend this place to anyone .
Une attente de 45 minutes et des œufs bénédictines pas assez cuits et un café qui goûtait l ' eau .
I had a small veggie burrito from burrito boys for the first time . It tasted good but the service and the way the burrito was wrapped was poorly done and sloppy .
Jerry Nowland no longer runs this company . Please ignore reviews before 2017 .
Not like my neighborhood Manuels . This place was cold , the service was sparse , and the food was horrible . Stay away .
Horrible service . Rude people . Please don ' t waist your time and money going to this place .
Blah . . . The service was poor the food was average and the place reeks of bleach water . . . I won ' t come back .
This over weight cook is according to the " M " resort in Las Vegas has been DISALLOWED on their property since 2010 for declining public interest in her Martini time show .
Left me in waiting room for 45 minutes , forgot I was there , had 5 minute interview because I had to get back to work and said they would call me , never did .
I go to Starbucks almost every day this is second time I have encountered rude staff and I will definitely NEVER come back at this location . someone should probably look into this . . .
I think I may have broken a tooth on a rock in my mashed potatoes . Service was great but . . . . . . ,
Service was slow . Chili ' s food is bland .
Always understaffed . Tables are wobbly . Long waits for refills . Popular place obviously but they need to hire accordingly .
Horrible staff . Don ' t bother ordering online - they won ' t make it until you get there . Just go to moe ' s down the street
If you cannot read not to leave soliciting trash at my door with this sign , why would I want to use your company ?
It should not take 30 minutes to return a charging cable . . . . you need an express line . A sale with a customer ahead of me took an hour and a half .
Just OK . Had two rooms . Both were marginally acceptable and needed better cleaning . The whole hotel needs updating .
Absolutely terrible service . The waitress ignored us while checking her nails . Drinks are watered down and overpriced . It ' s a 2 drink minimum and the entire place was empty .
Food is delicious but I can ' t leave a positive review here Overpriced and under filling
My order was flooded with chocolate ice cream and it gave me a cavity . Do not recommend going here and this is not a good place to have a birthday party .
It ' s 108 so we stopped for a beer . . The allure of the place is the live music . We came before that . Wasn ' t impressed . .
The service was friendly . The hamburger was greasy and tasteless . The thousand island dressing was too salty . The chili was greasy , and I had to throw it away . I wasted my money here .
My friend and I were treated with total disrespect by a blonde bartender . Will never be back due to her lack of customer service .
Just tried to order two different sandwiches . . . out of both the types of bread I requested . What kind of sandwich place runs out of bread ? ! ? ! ? !
Pho Pros : piping hot , tender meat , hot jalapenos Cons : bland broth , small portion of bean sprouts Service Well , I was the only one there and it was fast and attentive .
TI offers two for one special with limited food to eat and bad service a very disappointment buffet not worth the money .
Worst panera ever . Really dirty . Staff very unfriendly . Not the panera you see on TV advertisements
Slow service and an overwhelmed kitchen . We cancelled 1 / 2 our order after waiting for an hour . They did deliver a pad Thai . Which was over seasoned and a congealed mass of rice noodles .
Way overpriced for okay food . Sorry , I was hoping it would be a new favorite spot but I ' m going to have to pass on this one .
Horrible service . Server put in the wrong order because she didn ' t bother to reconfirm my order at the time of ordering . Food took forever to come and the ramen sucked .
Not worth the price . Service was OK . . . " Poop emoji " " Poop emoji "
The service is horrible , atmosphere is horrible , coffee is horrible , and everything is overpriced . I won ' t be going back .
Stay away from this place . Once the sale has gone through they treat you like a piece of trash .
What is wrong with this place ? Seems like it creates a uproar in the kitchen just ordering a cheesburger ( which I never got ) . I ' ll never go there again .
Had a 7pm reservation but they made a mistake and made reservation night prior . They have had us wait over 1 hour for their mistake and still not seated !
Brewery nachos were good . Teri ' s Cajun pasta was bland and my shrimp & lobster enchiladas were like cardboard ! Bad food . Not a fan ! !
The cashiers are dreadful . Love the food . Hate the service . Ive been several times and the sandwiches are always awesome , it ' s too bad the staff is so rude .
Sad news for Bagel lovers . This place has closed . They are converting to a healthy shake joint . I will always remember the discount bagel rack . Farewell .
Carry out order was literally tossed in the to go box , no sides as ordered with increased price for entree . Not happy and never going there again .
Slow service and more expensive then the usual sushi spot . Lots of people waiting on their dinner and no waitress in sight ! More expensive to eat in then take out .
Average . Fresh but lacks flavor in a major way . Ribeye was 32 $ and it wasn ' t worth it . Won ' t be back unfortunately .
My son had a appointment today at 3 : 30 . Arrived at 3 : 15 had to wait until 4 : 30 to be seen . What a joke Will never go their again .
Don ' t have to come back here . Sushi was terrible . Supposedly tuna ? ? ? Nothing but mush ! Not sure what they mixed it with ? !
It ' s empty but a lot of people visited for a big screen of 2028 fifa World Cup so I can ' t say it ' s empty their food was ok .
Onions onions onions . Ordered a lengua burrito and it was filled with onions . Also ordered shredded beef nachos and there was no meat only onions . Very disappointed .
If you need an internet connection , find another hotel because this wifi is non existent !
Pizza came out cold . We ordered the classic pepperoni and there were probably three slices of pepperoni in the entire pizza . It was just all sauce and cheese .
I just spoke with the manager ( JP ) and he was VERY nice about the whole situation , so I will give Mesa Grill another shot next time I ' m in Vegas .
Stick with Popeye ' s . I ordered fried okras and the quality was not that great . I thought I was chewing on gum . The chicken had tons of fatty parts .
The worst service I have ever had in my life . You need different servers that actually care about your customers . I will not ever be coming back to this bar .
1 . Front desk was rude 2 . Restaurant service was very good 3 . Spa was awful 4 . Location - too far from the strip I expect more from the Trump International Hotel .
Not really impressed , show had it ' s entertaining moments but I guess you have to have a bit of alcohol in your system to enjoy it in it ' s entirety .
The manager would not even show him self . Do not eat there the steak is hard and over priced .
The attendant stopped preparing our order for a customer that just walked in . Not impressed with the donuts and the boba . It tasted like chalk .
This is quite possibly the worst drive - thru . If you have 30 minutes to wait for your fast food to come out , this place is just for you .
the ice cream is great but the owner is very rude . everytime i go in there she always have something rude to say . the ice cream gets 5 stars and the owner gets no stars !
not very professional . The Chinese broccoli has some weird taste and the beet cake has the flour like texture which is not supposed to have .
The food is terrible ! Everything tastes bland , worse than fast food or even canned food . Hope I never have to come here again .
Management refused to let a member of our party in . Absolutely do not go here . Go to another one of the 15 bars on Carson . No reason for the denial of entry .
1st time trying DCS , wont go back . 2 slices of ham does not make a sub .
20 minutes in the drive thru with one car at the window . Ridiculous . We left and went elsewhere .
Not the best place to eat but they do make pretty good green beans ! Do be careful as well because their food gives you the runs !
This location of Tropical Smoothie is always rather incompetent . I would drive to a further one just to have better service and quality of product .
The only good thing about this place is the location . Do not stay here ! ! ! Too much to write about .
BLEH ! Expensive , over - cooked , not great ethnic variety . Yuck . Pick a different Vegas buffet - Try Aria or Rio . You ' ll be glad you did .
Just awful . I had the money chicken sandwich , the sandwich was soggy and the chicken tasted like rubber . The only thing worse than the food was the service . A total waste of money !
This place is not the best . I would travel to chaparral dog park in Scottsdale 30 minutes away before going there ever again .
Scam to up - sale very expensive service . If you don ' t play the game they take your money and spray water everywhere and leave it very wet .
Small and unbalanced fields , ridiculously long wait to rent guns and get balls . Staff is not honest about how long it will take to get on the field .
Burgers are decent but too small and overpriced for what they are . Moo and Brew has better burgers and better value .
Yeah never going here again . The lady was rude . Barely said 5 words to me . It ' s been 3 weeks and my nails are all breaking off . Im so angry
Workers are not friendly , rude and lazy . They care more about gossip among themselves than ring up customers .
Hate this place bad customer service the basketball gym is tiny and it is always packed and everyone hogs the machines .
It ' s a decent playground if you enjoy attractions like heatstroke , broken play sets , and hanging out with the Children of the Corn .
I ' m from LA with local friends and was told this place is amazing . This place had delicious food , but the service was awful . They were all rude . Service is everything to me .
Uber drivers beware the main technician told me he does not like Uber drivers . . if your looking to get a uber inspection go somewhere else
I agree with what Charles G . said . It ' s Friday , we ' ve been here since Monday . . . . pack a lunch .
What is up with the seats in the terminal ? Hard and permanently reclined at the worst possible angle for your back . Probably made in the ' 60s .
When food is just ok , at least you should play the local games on the TV . UNC on one TV in corner while WVU on big screen because staff wants to watch . Pathetic .
omg ! sooo stingy with vegtables ! im never going again my vegtable chop suey was a couple snow peas and 4 baby corns with bean curd !
No bueno . La comida muy mala y me cobraron 8 . 98 por una margarita sin alcohol . No medijieron que no vendian liquor cuando la ordene . Pero vender cervezas .
Service was horrible ! ! Restaurant was VERY dirty ! I eat here 5 - 6 times a month . . . different one over the valley . . . . this has been the worst ! : (
Standing here watching them get everybody order wrong . Waited 6 minutes for 2 sausage muffin no cheese . Yikes
Gone down hill since new owners took over cheese burger Quesada was barely edible wife had chicken tenders with mashed potatoes and chicken gravey which I ' ll call odd colored water mashed potatoes weren ' t edible either
One of the most budget rooms I ' ve ever been to in Toronto . Everything from the intro to the overall experience was completely thoughtless and done with minimal effort . Save your money !
These guys are assholes and the place is filthy . I ' d rather eat frozen Ellio ' s out of the box
The past two time I ' ve come , their ice cream / shake machine is down . Super unfortunate since it ' s summer and 93 degrees outside . . . . .
Went there a few times . Their customer service is horrible . They order the wrong sizes and fail to correct it . Go to another scrub store .
My wife ate here a few hours ago . She now has the WORST case of food poisoning . We will never eat here again !
I would never come back here again . I know all art is open to interpretation and everyone has their thoughts , but everything I saw was completely spooky and made my skin crawl .
Valley ENT did not send a claim to my insurance on time , currently working with them to get this fixed .
What a disaster . We waited 50 minutes for a deep fried spring roll . 1 hour + for two entrees . We were the only diners in there . No plans to return .
What the hell happened to this place , the new menu sucks , the size of servings shrunk , and the quality of the food is uber mediocre . Will not come anymore
Why do I continue to still go here ? Cold fries and didn ' t get the ranch with my Ched ' r peppers and no ketchup I asked for . Is It that difficult ?
Be advised they only have one high chair and one booster seat . If you have multiple babies or toddlers you may want to go somewhere else .
Absolutely the worst drive in . I have never gotten my order correct and you wait a long time for service . I food is definitely overrated .
Yikes ! I just pulled up and they are closed . It ' s only 6 : 10 pm . I was so eager to try a portion of everything too . F me !
The food is an A and the bier an A + , but the service is soooo unorganized it ruins the good parts .
The most disgusting pizza I have ever eaten . Nothing but salt and no cheese . Ugh . . . will never order from them again !
Asked 6 bartenders prices on draft beers . None knew pricing on any of the draft beers . Wholly unacceptable when you are a brew pub .
Neat when first walk in . Then tables are terribly uncomfortable , menu is puny . Food is average at best . Too many other really good places !
Dumbest cashier . Slowest service . Highest prices . Mediocre - est food . Just hoping I don ' t get food poisoning at this point .
Had to get them to wipe the dash they missed the center part and they use very little soap on your vehicle I will not go back
Blah . Tacos and empanadas are not up to par . I would not even compare it to the Filbertos on every corner of Phoenix . Very Americanized tacos , which lacks flavor and spice .
I wouldnt recommend . I work in the area figured I would try them . I will do myself a favor and not return .
All I can say is bad food , there is no such a Indian flavor taste waste of money Don ' t spend ur money
We went for dinner and it was alright . The bruschetta was the best part of the meal ! The pizza was soggy and the quinoa salad was alright .
It ' s good for an afternoon of coffee and deserts but DEFINITELY not a place to have lunch or dinner . I ' ve had better pizza ! ! ! ! !
Overpriced . Small portions . Very Americanized chinese food . One star for the white decor and another star for the goldfish aquarium .
Worst service and managers . Make other plans trust me ! Took 3 times to get a drink right and over 30 minutes
Tried for the first time today . I had he Kung pao chicken it was not that good . The sauce was good but chicken was rubbery
