Holy heck this place is amazing . I love their chicken tacos they ' re by far my favorite . Great customer service and all round awesome experience .
I love the classes at this gym . Zumba and . Radio Hip Hop are my favorite . This is such a great fun and I love that it is so reasonably priced !
The employees are so friendly and hard working ! Keep it up ! The store is very clean . . . I love subway sooooooooo much ! ! ! : )
I travel lots for business and this is one of the funniest places . Heather provided great service and NCAA B - BALL on the screens
When I ' m Arizona . . . we Reathrey Sekong ! Food is good and authentic ! Would love if there was a closer location to Gilbert !
GREAT SERVICE ! ! The food was amazing and very reasonably priced ! Oh and the deserts are to die for ! !
Love the staff here ! Becca , Chrissy , Angel and Arianna are so friendly and helpful ! Super clean and professional place . Highly recommend coming here !
Their Homemade Lasagna was Great ! You ' ve gotta try Rizzo ' s Spaghetti House . Try out their other restaurant , located off Cherry Road in Rock Hill .
By far my favorite Italian restaurant in Vegas . Pasta Luigi is the fastest they have ! Also try the stuffed artichoke . It is one of the best of ever had
Fast and friendly , always ! They make sure your order is correct even when they are in a hurry . Always a great meal .
I tried chicken Shish kebab . Chicken is really juicy and really tasty . The atmosphere there is very Turkish style , love it . Definitely 5 stars . Good place ever for coffee break , delicious deserts .
Amazing staff and food everytime ! Always so welcoming and the food is constantly awesome .
I ' m traveling from out of town . It ' s amazing ! Best massage I ' ve ever had ! Most definitely will be my new go - to place no need to look any further .
Absolutely delicious . Ordered chicken / beef kabob combo with spinach rice based on other reviews and not disappointed ! The spinach samosa are also fantastic . My new favorite restaurant .
Sheila is AMAZING ! ! She did a great job on my nails , they look so natural . I give her 10stars ! ! Definitely will be a repeat customer !
Been to this a couple of times . Excellent food at good prices . Love the tea they provide at the end . Nice friendly staff definitely a place to visit
Food is super fresh and delicious ! Loved everything and wished I had room for more . Amber took great care of us . Can ' t wait to go back and bring more friends and family .
ATTENTION DOWNTown : this place has amazing food . the complicated order sandwich , the split pea soup , delicious ! ! ! no words to describe , if you love your tastebuds treat them to this cafe .
Outstanding service and food ! ! ! My family and I will be back . Best Mexican food I have ever eaten , hands down !
First time visit and it was truly amazing . Every single plate was wonderful . Great service as well . We will definitely be back and will spread the word . Awesome addition to the Pittsburgh food scene .
Nice atmosphere . Excellent Thai curry and interesting other entrees . My wife got the small portion which she brought home leftovers while I got the larger portion and didn ' t have any leftover
For father ' s day me n my sister ' s took our das he was amazed of how big the serving wore . the service was very nice n up beat and positive . Great job
Beautiful , tranquil , warm and inviting . A favourite escape in the city . I hope it continues to be as cultivated as it has been for the last three years of my frequent visits .
Nice Family restaurant , long wait time for food but really delicious . Appetizers doesn ' t stand out much , but definitely order pastas .
Excellent service from the cute blonde bartender Lindsay , cheap beer , good music and pool tables . Oh , and the cleanest bathrooms I ' ve ever seen at a dive . Definitely be coming back
This restaurant has the best Thai food I ' ve ever had . That ' s it . Oh , and the people are really nice too .
I always bring my jewelry and rosaries in for repair here and they are the best ! ! Sal and Forrest are Great ! !
This place is a real gem . We dined here once and the food was delicious . Especially the scallops . Very romantic and cozy . Highly recommended .
Best Chinese place I ' ve been to in Phoenix . They have great service , incredibly generous proportions , and the food is to die for .
Probably one of my favorite pizza places . Food is always good and the brick oven is a nice touch you don ' t see everywhere .
I really need to try some other sandwiches that they offer but the Paul Reuben ' s is insanely good ! ! ! Gotta have it on the Dutch Crunch bread .
New owners have really given this place a facelift ! The veggie lavosh was recommended and did not disappoint . Looks like a great place to watch sports . Coming back without question .
One of the best burger joints . Love the concept , food , and exceptional service . Get the TNT burger if you like it spicy .
Food was delicious and the staff was friendly and they made feel welcome . Try them out !
Great hidden gem with fantastic tea , coffee & pastries . Didn ' t try any lunch items but def going back . Perfect place to sit and enjoy some time with a friend or good book
My experience here was great . Alexa was so helpful she was wonderful and made the procedure so quick and easy
Love love love this place ! Clean and inviting and excellent staff ! Always a great experience ! Thank u ! ! !
Great food , cute little place . My husband loved the turkey melt and the mash browns were excellent . The staff was also very friendly and attentive .
Grilled chicken on sourdough swoon . I love all of their food . And it ' s a late night drive thru . Lots of healthy options .
Great place ! The entire staff is super friendly . Ask for Becca if your looking for a good Ashiatsu massage .
Some of the best sushi I ' ve ever had ! And every time we have gone in they have given us a free roll ! Love the yum yum sauce !
Love this place ! Coffee is great and pastries made fresh and yummy ! There ' s outdoor seating great for when the weather is nice .
Excellent idea and execution . I love that the pierogies rotate and then lunch special was very affordable . Excellent service as well .
Food was as advertised / reviewed by others . . . love that it ' s so close to home too ! And nicest people imaginable too ! !
Very happy with the friendly service as well as they got me in and out . I had never been a customer of Red Devil Auto but I am now , glad I stopped here .
Amazing steak , great cocktails , plus very efficient and friendly service . We ' ll definitely be coming back !
Craig puts the customer first . He gives friendly good service quickly and gets good results .
Excellent flavour , clean , nice people ! Love the ambient . . the " hot wings are not really that hot "
Had the Carnitas tacos . Very good quality - fast and friendly service . Delicious . Nice atmosphere . Oh yeah . Authentic . 5 stars .
Saw the Kusama exhibit . Lots of dots . Long lines . Took 90 minutes and I was very satisfied at the end .
Great lunch . . perfect wings and a Greek salad . Service was perfect too . A hidden gem . Tv ' s for everyone
Another great exterminating service performed by Pam . In my opinion she is # 1 in serving the Fountain Hills area . Always friendly , professional and reliable ! We 100 % endorse this service .
Divine threading is the only place to go to in Las Vegas for your threading needs ! Noor is always does an excellent job and the other ladies as well . A definite customer for life right here .
UH - MAY - ZING ! ! ! We will never go anywhere else for the best filet and seafood . The lobster mash is a MUST !
Go here every time we are in Vegas , clean and well kept , staff is always ontop of things , only thing missing is they could use a few better restaurants , beds are great
Ashley , you were absolutely wonderful . Thank you for restoring my faith in stylists . I will be back and I ' ll schedule with you . Thanks , Roxi
This place is awesome ! Dog friendly , great beer , and great service . This is a must visit if you ' re in Charlotte
best New York pizza in Summerlin and p . o pasta dishes look yummy too ! very friendly staff ! please come to LA !
We had an incredible time . The food and atmosphere was so good . Linda , our waitress , was the best . Thank you Linda !
Nice decore in this large restaurant - the theme is beer . Appropriately , there is good beer selection on tap , as well as wine , and excellent food . Superb service . Recommended !
Better than chipotle . Yup , you heard me ! The meats are amazing . . Fresh made tortillas . . Great drink selection . . Just YES
Great margaritas , gauc , queso , and tacos . We went to lots of fancy restaurants on our trip to Phoenix , but this place was better than all of them .
My introduction as a youth ( dating back AWAYS ) to gourmet and class . 15 years later , still delivers the goods . Cheers !
Fast delivery and delicious food . The food was hot and freshly made . By far the best Chinese food I ' ve had in the area !
This place rocks . BBQ was great , spicy squid was tasty , Cham chai noodles awesome , very friendly service
Artie with the business team is awesome . Very prompt with responses and helpful with my team getting us the right products .
Fantastic experience . Dive instructors and crew helpful and on their game . Video and photos were top notch and I definitely recommend this dive company ! ! !
Had the opportunity to use them for a few Christmas lunches . I will be using them again . Great pricing , great product , and who does not enjoy Taco Tuesday ?
Customer service is outstanding . Personalized service , they try and save you money . Bad experience elsewhere . This will now be my go to for anything mailing , packaging related . I appreciate the service .
Everything is always good . The smell from the bakery is amazing . Be sure to go early as it gets very crowded and is small .
Kilt lifter is my new favourite beer . And that is coming from a Canadian !
Great food . Great service . Love this place . I tell everyone it a must stop if you are a foodie ! ! !
very helpful and does excellent repair work at very affordable prices . Good selection of inventory as well . Probably the most reasonable fees for repair and replacement work in the Valley .
This place is uhhhh - mazing and delicious . Everytime I come , I am never disappointed in the food . It is pretty packed , but I still come because it is that delicious .
Stumbled into this place . Looking around the area to get some good food and drinks . And that ' s what I got . Great place .
Great food . Kickass service . Cool environment Came for the shrimp and grits but it ' s only on Wednesday .
A great local place . Good food . Good atmosphere . Healthy . Only draw back is they are busy all the time . Good things are worth waiting for !
Outstanding course . Great views . Challenging course . One of my favorites in all US courses . Outstanding service at clubhouse .
Delicious food at a great price . Generous portions as well . This is a hole in the wall type place and it ' s as authentic as it gets !
This place was awesome ! Love the atmosphere and the biscuits and jelly . Can ' t wait to come back
Super personable show . Be expecting to laugh the entire time . He comes out afterwards to take pictures , and sign autographs . I would and do plan on coming back .
The maple bacon donut might be the best donut I have ever had . All of the donuts were super fresh and moist . There was a big selections . I will be back .
Unique atmosphere . Pleasant barista . The espresso blend was delicious . I really enjoyed it and I would come back .
Thanks so much for coaching my son and his mixed hair big curled coarse hair ! ! You are appreciated ! !
Best Creme brûlée in charlotte ! I have tried almost everything at this wonderful place and nothing has ever disappointed .
By far the BEST chicken quesadilla and chips I ' ve ever tasted ! Started our trip in Vegas here and ending it here
My favorite steak house ever . All guy waitors . . . i feel like a queen when i dine there . Top notch service .
Pretty good place . Great ambience and service . The jackfruit sandwich is really excellent , so make sure to try that .
I really like this place . They are very friendly . Pricing is reasonable . And they seem to be ahead of the trends . I definitely recommend them !
This is the 3rd time I ' ve been to this restaurant and all of the times the food was awesome and the staff was Reay friendly . I will definitely be going there again .
Service was just as good as the food ! Kim and Raju who was our servers was super friendly and knowledgeable of the menu . Definitely recommend the shared meals !
love love love . Everything about it . Has been consistent since they opened . I wish there were multiple locations around the valley . The chicken is so tender and juicy .
I ' m partial . I use to work here years ago but nonetheless , this place always delivers high quality products with awesome customer service . It all started with the man himself , MR Bruce Halle !
This is my favorite steak house ! Beef Ragou Striploin was excellent . Martini was great as well . Will be back !
Love the crab legs and shrimp ! Very good Asian buffet , we ate here to get away from the hype ( and high price ) of the Las Vegas strip .
Food was delicious ! Steaks , prime rib , salmon and ahi was cooked to perfection ! Sevice was fantastic and friendly ! Nom Nom Nom
Enjoyed a fantastic selection of both theirs and other local brews . Also , had an amazing PB & J Burger ! ! ! !
They have such good pizza . OMG their cheesecake is to die for literally . I think I am addicted to the cheesecake .
First visit here ! Won ' t be the last ! ! Bier was Amazing , food was Amazing and service ( Beth ) was Amazing + + ! Great fun environment and felt very authentic .
I was told by Jason that the dim sum menu will begin Valentine ' s Day ! Can ' t wait to try it then .
THE dim sum place of the West side . Also where most ( especially traditional ) Asians will hold their wedding or celebratory banquets , due to size and well liked food .
my favorite is Okinawa MT or Rose MT , Lychee Peachy has been homies favorite . And I ' ve gotten 3 completed stamp cards from here . . . So enough said , just go try it lol
Great food and good pricing . Food is made fresh everyday ! Everyone is nice and really comfortable environment .
Great breakfast ! Sunrise special : two eggs , a pile of bacon , hash browns and toast just $ 5 . 99 . Tasted better than Bob Evans breakfast . I will be back !
Love this place . One of best food bar for sports and conversation . The staff is awesome . Good people and good vibes . I highly recommend this wing stop . A + + + +
Great atmosphere . Good food . Big Blue Van beer has a great blueberry flavor . The Texan and Patty melt are delicious .
I love this place but you need to change your hours listed ! Not open until 10 am instead of 7 like it says !
Very different place for breakfast and I loved the food . This is a place you can go back to many times and get something different each time and love it .
One of the best if not the best sushi restaurants I have ever been to . Tempura is so light and script . Sashimi is amazing . Stampede roll is delicious . Soft shell crab rolls too ! !
Love the look of the restaurant when you first walk in . The staff were very friendly and the food was delicious ! Plan on coming back again .
Mandy was a great bar tender , always kept our drinks full and kept non paying customers out of the bar . Great local bar without all of the strip bs
Their pizza is really really good . Nice clean space . A little pricey though . You get a pizza with three items and your over 40 bucks !
Easily in my top 10 meals of all time . Sat at the bar and was in heaven eating dim sum and the crispy duck salad .
Great neighborhood bar ! Closes early , so you get home early !
This place is awesome . The tuna tataki is amazing . Sushi rolls are great and the Indonesian soup is great as well . I recommend stopping in
My favorite go to every time I ' m in Cleveland . The cold smoked filet is outstanding . Do net let the location scare you . A true gem
Cool decor , and excellent plates to share . Even ran into young jeezy here . . . . yeeeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhh ( jeezy voice )
Best tacos in Montreal . Definitely try the guacamole and if you like shrimps , the Rosarito taco is a must - have .
Best comics best owner in town ! Definitely have to check this place out ! Great deals and prices as well !
Crazy place with awesome music . Although it can get crowded I loved the place for the music .
This is probably my favorite steakhouse in the country . Steaks are the main attraction , especially anything with a bone in . Apps are delicious and sides are served family style . Don ' t skip dessert
I came unannounced at 730am on a Wednesday for 1x tire replacement and 4x tire rotation . John sped me to the front that morning and had me out the door in under an hour . Perfect .
Absolutely ridiculously amazing ! Chicken Tikka masala was perfect . Best I ' ve ever had !
Love this place for fresh Cookies and breads . Best ( and only ) bakery in town . Small scale so things do run out . I ' ve heard the pizzas are also fab .
The food is delicious and the price is just right . The servers are super nice as well ! One of the best hakka restaurants I have ever tried .
We go here regularly and always get great food and great service . For a quick bite of mexican food , this is the place .
Love this place ! Delicious , creative small plates , and our server Holly was wonderful !
Such a pleasant surprise once you walk in the door . The ambiance and food is well worth it ! Was very comparable to food we had in thailand
This place is the real deal . Everything was super fresh and very tasty ! Our server was also very knowledgeable about the menu and all the ingredients in all of the chefs dishes .
I loved this place and so did my kids . They both received great haircuts . You know someone has a good haircut when people stop you and asks where you got it cut ! ! ! !
Best pedi I ' ve ever had . Perfect massage ! Literally perfect . Kim was amazing ! Will be requesting her in the future .
I loved the vegetarian dishes ! Would highly recommend the vegetarian pho and vegetarian spring rolls .
Great service , food and atmosphere . One of the most comfortable and well designed restaurants I ' ve ever experienced .
The BEST smoothies ever ! ! When my nieces visit from Belgium they always ask me to take them .
Every dish we touched and filled our bellies with is delicious ! ! ! ! Thank you Joe ! We will be back with the entire familia ! Ciao !
All i can say wow ! ! Best taco ever had . Beautifull Ambience , nice music . Servers are very attentive . Loved it
Fun guy , cool office , and most importantly great results . Entire staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
Very nice food ! Gluten free pasta was great . The Ribeye was amazing ! Good place and good atmosphere !
This place is great ! We got the meat and cheese boards , sweet potatoes bravas , and short rib . The service and food were wonderful !
Loved the place . Delicious food . Advice for the manager : make sure noodles with beef are cooked in less than 15 minutes of waiting and that chicken is properly cooked through .
Definitely a great shop . Super friendly staff , fair prices and very fast service .
My favorite brew tea great friendly service and always ask if you want to make adjustments if it ' s not right .
A haven on the PATH - fantastic cappuccino and nice place to sit and watch people .
Custom built pizza with high quality , fresh ingredients , a decent price , what else could you ask for ? Oh , and it tastes really really really good !
Love this spot . I love their broth . Great service and clean restaurant I come here often to dine in or pick up food . Their pho is one of my favorites .
Fun place to get together with large groups . The food is always great . They offer a generous $ 10 credit on your birthday . My favorite is the fontina burger .
Great pizza . My friends and I go here a lot . Good pizza , good wings , good restaurant .
Service is always really good , servers are friendly . Food is beyond expectations always a goto for a good comfortable spot to eat with my family when we are on Fremont .
My favorite place in pittsburgh to get whole bean coffee . Amazing selection , daily specials , reward card , reasonable pricing . What more is there to say ? ?
PORK BELLY TACOS . Amazing ! You have to get them - probably my favorite food in Charlotte
Excellent second car we bought here . Love our Sales man Rick Muller ! Looking for a good guy to work with ask for him . Tell I sent you
Excellent work by sergios crew . Had them come out this morning to clean my backyard which was in really bad shape . They made my backyard look great . Definitely recommend this company .
Awesome often overlooked sushi buffet . Creative menu with lots of unique choices . Stay away from the flamingo roll thou . . . no bueno
Good food Great service . You get alot food . . friendly service . I can never finish my breakfast . Give you so much . Clean . Good location . Love they give discount to veterans .
Workout is always changing this keeps it fresh . Instructors are great and I like the balance between cardio and resistance . Great atmosphere and range of fitness levels from Superhero to beginner .
Stand - out seasonal menu , great food , and great service . Local beer menu is a plus . House - made charcuterie and satisfying portions . Will be back .
The food was delicious and the overall experience was great ! I can ' t wait to go back ! !
This was my first time here and I will be back , I found a lot I was looking for in would highly recommend this to anyone who looking for clothes . . .
Beautiful and functional space , good food and drinks , friendly service . Highly recommend !
Great Mexican at a great price . Margaritas are awesome too . Servers are polite and service is quick . This is our go - to place for Mexican around the gaston county area .
Delicious delicous declicous ! ! It is my go - to place for vietnemese food . I am never disappointed ! ! Yummy soups and can never go wrong with the spring rolls .
Best salon ever ! ! Not only do they get the job done excellently , but Ora , Keisha & Kee are so fun & make getting your hair done an experience . I love it here .
My drink was delicious ! I had an iced sweetheart mocha . I also had a sandwich . Really tasty ! Best of all . The nicest people ! I will continue to go there !
Great food and greatCustomer service . They messed up my order and when they realized they apologized and returned our money .
The food is delicious . Everything I ' ve ever ordered has been amazing . The dining lounge is large and clean and the service is good .
So far I just ordered over the phone EXCELLENT Customer service by Jeffery ! Can ' t wait till the food is here . Another review coming soon !
Nice little restaurant , very clean delicious food ! I Recommend to anyone that enjoy healthy and exotic food
Absolutely fantastic . John was able to get a broken key out of my car and handcut a new key in minutes . All at a very reasonable price . I highly recommend them . Bill
Tasty authentic Caribbean food . The staff ensured a great experience . You could tell the ingredients were fresh . Highly recommended
Excellent Thai food . I had the red curry with duck and my wife had the spicy noodles . Both were great . Very fast service too . Definite recommend this place while downtown .
The service was excellent ! Try the stuffed pork chop it was amazing . Ask for Tracy he took great care of us . For the dessert try the chocolate caramel souffle it was delicious .
Good Folks Good Food Great Place to Eat and Meet Friends Breakfast is Great . Try their Steak & Eggs . Steak is very tender and flavorful .
Coffee is coffee and I love coffee . This place is super cute , warm , inviting and spacious . Just like an other coffee shop around . Lots of varieties of drinks and treats to pick from .
First time here and won ' t be the last . Food and service was great . Definitely recommend if you ' re in the mood for Cajun
Found this restaurant through Yelp . Really good catfish and excellent service . Must try !
Delicious food just visiting the area for work and found this great vegan friendly place . That would be nice if they made their way out to Maryland / D . C .
Delicious small bite tacos , amazing salads with so much flavor and the drinks are spot on . We would highly recommend !
Hidey ho ! Hot dogs and wet fries . By wet , I mean with gravy . If you ' re in Pittsburgh , you already knew that .
Pizza was delicious . We got Getham , Truffle and Veggie . All were on point ! Great bar as well .
Great experience , great service , delicious food . Our server Alec was great and very attentive . I ' ll be going back when in town .
Totally amazing ! Never painted a day in my life ! Was fun , laid back and heck , who doesn ' t like a nice glass of wine while painted your latest master piece ! !
One of the best NY style pizzas in the city . Location is not much to look at on the outside , but very clean and fresh on the inside . Plenty of parking .
Sean took care of us & recommended the best martinis in town . This place is classy & a good time ! Thanks Sean !
Food is excellent , fresh made to order dim sum , gorgeous location and great service staff . Will be back for sure
Best prices and best haircuts ! I have had two haircuts here and am going back for a third very soon . I get compliments on my haircuts from Marina everywhere I go !
Fabulous service every time , love their menu and drinks . . . oh my god their drinks are fabulous ! Super cute restaurant and bar !
Super good service . Fresh salad . Broccolini was cooked perfectly . I ordered iced tea and they had simple syrup .
Love this place ! The ice cream is delicious , and vegan ingredients ! My sister and I visit at least once a week or so !
My husband had Steak salad and raved about it . I had steak nachos which was great . We will be returning .
Very clean and comfortable . My good friend lived down the street so we came in to get pampered . Reasonable rates and great job . A +
This probably one of the best pizza I ever eaten . We order a large pepperoni and salami . It was so good . When im in town again I will be coming here
Friendly staff ! Friendly owner ! Great food ! I enjoy the chicken pho with chicken broth ! Annie will always have my business ! ! !
Excellent care . We really like Dr . Peterson and his staff . Good selection of frames . They stand behind all their work and correct anything you ask for . Very friendly and follow up is good .
The food is great ! We ordered a wide varitey of food . The staff is very friendly and there is a great ambiance . Plus , you can ' t beat $ 15 bottomless mimosas !
This is my go to salon . Great service every time ! I always come for the $ 45 gel mani and pedicure special and never leave dissatisfied . Request Rachel . She ' s amazing !
My favourite ice cream here is superkid . I ' ve only gotten this flavour since childhood and haven ' t tried any others from them other than off of friends and family ' s ice cream lol .
They have the best return policy in town . I highly recommend shopping at nordstroms . They have very attentive sales associates and carry a nice selection of items .
Best persian food in the valley . Beats out the spots in LA Try the homemade ice cream
Great service , alcoholic drinks reasonably priced , food wonderful ! ! ! ! Can ' t wait to go there again ! ! ! ! ! Huge difference from the previous owners ! ! ! ! !
Terrific food , comfortable and unique atmosphere , and excellent staff . I highly recommend the Tom & Jerry in winter and the cheese curds just about any time of year !
nice guy , great knife diversity , clothes and miscellaneous items for cooking and baking , comfortable atmosphere . everything a home chef needs , a lot of things a working chef WANTS .
Service was incredible . Thank you Russell for the great suggestions and service . Everything was very good . We had the peppercorn strip with house sauce , Mac n cheese , and crispy salmon . Highly recommend .
No words to describe how amazing the food here is . . my favt has been the number 3 . chicken and rice with the extra sauce . Highly recommend this place to all
really loved their food and the place , but didn ' t have chance to try their breakfast . plus it ' s in very quite neighbourhood
Definitely the bang for your buck ! Awesome Hawaiian food traditionally made and not so pricey either !
I LOVE THIS PLACE ! ! ! It is SO good and definitely has the best buffet around , and I typically don ' t care for buffets .
Really enjoyed my experience here today . The service was fantastic . The manager made sure we had everything we needed and he had a great sense of humor .
Both the all you can eat and the teppanyaki are well above average , and fairly priced as well ! This is the sushi place in Toronto I would rank as my personal favourite .
I love this restaurant ! The food is great and the price is so inexpensive ! The lady who works there is so seeet ! It ' s my favorite Chinese restaurant now .
Great food and even better atmosphere . Try at least one item from every section and split the pork or chicken course !
This is my favorite smoke shop and I don ' t really go anywhere else when it comes to smoking . The staff is helpful , knowledgeable , and friendly !
amazing food the hot dog is so delicious and the staff is so nice . taco tuesday is an amazing deal ! a great place to go with family
Tiah helped me in the drive through today . She was quick , polite , knowledgeable and overall a model employee . Food was super delicious and hit the spot .
Great prices on produce ! Friendly service The bakery had a large selection of breads ! Conchas were good tasting as was the bollilo
Wonderful food , enthusiastic servers who love their restaurant . Nice decor , reasonable prices . We will definitely return .
Amazing service and even better prices than the competition . This is my 3rd dry cleaners in the area and by far the best . Will be a customer for a long time to come .
First time here and we will go again . Five dollar craps tables , good restaurants too . Only thing it needs is a bubble craps machine .
Ideal spot for meetings or connecting with friends . The service is great , there is a lot of indoor and outdoor seating , and the menu is excellent . Easily one of my favorite spots .
Great cafe and delicious food ! Customer service was friendly . Would definitely go to this place again . A +
Looks just like how I saw it on tv in the states . Friendly service and nice hot bagels . Bought 2 dozens to take back with me .
The food is consistently very yummy . love all their selection . I like how they mix Hawaiian and Korean food together . . . fusion
Great place to hang out for breakfast , lunch or dinner . Different coffee and teas to choose from and staff is friendly .
Habib did an excellent job with my tux . I am actually going to drop off one more suit for him to adjust this week . He was able to do the alterations quickly .
I live several miles away , but I travel to Nobel Beast to pick up my dog food once a month . It ' s that good ! !
What a great experience friendly painless and quick I was treated for potential cavity and discovered probably noting they did not try to up sell or anytime else like most dentists !
A true gem . Went their last night for the first time and the food and service were unbeatable . Try the Banana Puddin ' . . . May be the best thing I have ever eaten !
5 Stars ! ! ! Have to recommend Ian and Invisible Fence as he was very understanding , conscientious and made all the right recommendations that has ensured our kitties stay in the yard ! Thanks Ian !
Best ayce in vegas hands down ! My wife and I go there atleast once a month , we love it .
The noodle very spicy , good and the service is fast , i like the greenbean drink and it ' s free
One of the best carne asada burritos I have ever had ! Great food at a great price and made hot , fresh , and fast !
We are there atleast once a week ! Staff is very friendly and knowledgable . I also am very happy with Denise . She grooms our dog and he always looks great when we leave there !
LOVED our experience here . A group of girlfriends tried the ice cream tasting challenge and had an absolute blast . Highly recommend - big thank you to our server , Derek !
Great food - well worth the price - portions are amazing ! must visit when in LV - drink specials are awesome - awesome view of the LV strip
Situated inside the airport . Gourmet Kale Salad with Salmon . Very good service . Great job .
Get you some Poutine . That brown gravy will rival your grandmas ! Super unique ways to serve brisket - don ' t pass this little gem of a place up !
Joes is always amazing . You shouldn ' t be reading this , you should be on the way here to eat ! Get the onion rings if yours a rings person . They rock .
First visit here and our experience was great ! Staff is great . The dentist was very good and understanding . Thank you
Always great service . Get a passport , best deal in Henderson . Good detail job on wife ' s Infiniti . Usually in & out 20 minutes .
Fantastic food . Friendly atmosphere . I have been here many times and it is always consistent .
This IS the spot ! Great layout and very chill vibe ! Staff is very friendly and helpful and the instructors take their time regardless of your skill level to make you feel welcome . Highly recommended ! !
Our favorite place in all of Charlotte . Brought family from out of town and they were blown away by the quality of the food and service . You must check out George ' s !
Excellent service from a friendly , competent stuff , and a great price . Thank you Mike Cranna !
Jerk chicken was the best I have had in Canada . 10 / 10 will be back for more ! great service and fun atmosphere .
This is my favorite place to go for lunch ! My friend and I split a Big Rig with chicken and a Pizzookie . Slam dunk !
Lucky to have this Blues Spot in town . They have great beer selection , decent prices , good wait service . Owner is often around , and very nice . Wonderful spot to see live music .
They have the best prime rib around town . Good price great food great service all old school . Love this place great for anytime meals . Great menu with different food for everyone and good desserts .
Unbelievable food for a sports bar ! Great spot after work and with the family !
Great food and service ! Best streak Fries ever ! Will alway follow no matter where they move too ! ! !
Had a great time at Lob ! The bocce course was really fun . Great beer selection and good food . Definitely a spot to check out !
Definitely one of the best breakfast places in Ahwatukee . Everything I ' ve had has been great . Prompt service and friendly staff keeps me coming back .
Really , really , really good milk tea boba ! The BEST I have found in the Chandler / Gilbert area . And the prices are good ! It ' s the bomb !
This place is amazing . Old fashioned ice cream parlor and the ice cream is super good . Really busy but any wait is worth it .
This place is awesome ! Great service and good food . It ' s loud and that ' s how we like it . It reminds me of the crab shacks in Ocean City , Maryland .
Nice place to do some work on my macbook . Prices are great too . Felt like i was back in Korea .
Great food . I had the calzone . My friends had the Caesar salad and sandwich . Great atmosphere . Lots of eye candy cooks . Will go back .
Yea , I wished there was one in VA . Meatless Mike rocked my world . On point ! Husband had A Tony soprano and he was happy . Great selection . Just awesome ! ! !
Love this place . Had my daughter ' s bday here . Lots of stuff to do to change it while the kids run around . Good seating area for lounging and snacking . Management is really nice .
Wonderful food and service ! Definitely one of my favorite neighborhood spots . Everything we ' ve had there has been good .
Enjoyed it ! Good food and service . Had " Japanese Bagel " sushi roll and Tom Kha soup . They were both well done . Will come back ! Convenient location on McKnight Road .
Awesome atmosphere , incredible bartenders . This has become a regular stop for me whenever I head into Vegas .
My family loves this place ! The Taiwanese beef noodle bowl is my favorite but we ' ve have the Singapore noodles and different chicken dishes and they ' ve all been great .
Service was very fast ! We ordered the lobster pho and the surf and turf pho both were fantastic . The fried egg rolls were fantastic as well . Atmosphere was great and establishment was very clean
I got seen right away for a laundry list of routine maintenance items . Kids loved the arcade . Prices were reasonable . I ' ll go back to them .
Bulwark was awesome ! Guy who made the appointment and definitely Efrain ! Great customer service and handled a big ass rat with ease ! Definitely will be keeping Bulwark as my pest company !
Had a great time eating here . The food was fantastic ( loved the cold appetiser variety platter ) , the service was prompt , and the price reasonable . I will definitely go back again !
It was a really nice experience . Good ambience and relaxing massage . Friendly staff and I recommend this spa for sure .
The chicken tiki masala was delicious ! We ' ve only ordered takeout but we can ' t wait to dine in and try more entrees !
Call ahead . You need an appointment . But $ 45 for 80 minutes . Can you beat that ? And the place is gorgeous .
The two ladies here at Concourse A are killing the 5am rush . They could definitely use another two people , but for right now they are tackling it quite well !
They do a really great job here and are clean ! Always very nice & never try to up sell ! : )
This is our go too place for Asian take out . The food is very fresh and flavorful not to mention the portions are big and the prices very reasonable . Highly recommended this local independent neighborhood restaurant .
I love their home - made fries . Their Lunch menus are great .
Jose always comes in clutch always a good experience walking in always provide water for the waiting guest
What a fabulous place for lunch ! Ate outside ; staff couldn ' t be nicer . Had a variety of meals with my family and all were fresh & excellent !
This place is great . Meats perfectly seasoned and cooked over charcoal , nice ambiance and the owner lady ( ? I think ) is absolutely lovely . I will be back . Outstanding .
Very nice people where warm and you had a welcome feeling . The Paster is young and very nice .
This is tan bueno . The margaritas are awesome . El guacamole es sobresaliente . And the enchiladas suizas are great . COME EAT HERE .
Amazing the honey walnut shrimp was delicious ! Portions were family sized and the spicy soup was great . Very clean and quiet .
Scott and his team did me super right . . . Thank you so much Kelly and deb they stepped up to plate big time .
In the year since we moved to Charlotte , this is my favorite Asian restaurant . I had the Beef Rendang which exploded with flavors in my mouth , wow !
Love this coffee shop ! Food is ok and the coffee is amazing ! Great friendly place , service is good ! As soon as I come in makes me feel Im sure not in Vegas .
Awesome place ! Best drinks & desserts around ! Must try ! Awesome staff & service too ! Highly recommended !
Delicious huge slices for reasonable prices . They bring the pizza to your table and they also have wifi .
Easily the best omakase experience in the City ! Ian is a world class talent and has an unwavering pursuit of the best quality .
We just had the guys out to clean the carpets . . . . excellent job and no chemical after smell . I support small family business and I will use them again .
The food & shakes are amazing ! ! Do the custom burgers you will not be sorry . I was in town from Cleveland and I will go back again for the burgers .
I love my home base Starbucks in Centennial Hills . . . .
We love this event we try to bring more family members to this event hopefully next years ee can bring more family members and enjoy the great time with nice music great people and amazing views
Hands down . THE BEST IN PHOENIX . Take all the fancy spancy places and forget them . This is the best hole in the wall in the valley .
My favorite place for hot soup & a hot Philly Cheese Steak ! Best in this neighborhood ! Will definitely be returning for a 3rd visit !
Unquestionably one of the best seafood meals we ' ve ever eaten . The service was impeccable atmosphere exceptional and overall experience a 10 + + + . Highly recommend .
This place rocks . I love candy and i have a love - hate relationship with cigarettes : ( this is literally the best priced place for a carton .
The chicken was soft and tender , the fries had a lot of flavor , and the bread was delicious ! Best of all , no wait time ! ! ! Love it !
Let ' s cut to the chase . This is the best Mexican food in Pittsburgh . I ' ve traveled extensively in Mexico and the southwest US and have not found a better chile verde .
Great old type " bar " bar , good folks , and good ol ' Warren Stiles . . . 23 yrs there and counting . . . thats a familiarity you can ' t pay money to get
Excellent storage facility . Extremely clean and climate controlled so things stored stay at good temperature . They take deliveries which has been very helpful . Management helpful and friendly .
Love this place . It ' s really cleaned up and I like the open floor plan . I had the corned beef sandwich and it was awesome . Staff was very friendly and engaging .
This is one of my favorite places to eat , it truly reminds me of our food back home , and the burritos are super yummy , I love love this place . Check it out
have gone here for years good and fast friendly staff
Great service . Great Japanese food . I live near bye so I find myself wanting Kyoto bowl often . Great place to take someone who is new to the area .
Very nice little place to eat . Service is great and food is tasty . We had the braised chicken . Love it !
Fish is fresh ! Try the pork before they raise the price . Pork is must have ! Clean space , nice people . For sure will go again
Great coffee one of the best ever tasted its better then Starbucks and its a small place . . . I love this place nice coffee and I get too see all the woman of madison university . .
Absolutely delicious ! Loving food once again - we had fish taco ' s , skirt steak and brisket . The meat was perfection , melt in your mouth . . . Got to try ! ! !
Best Money spent on a Sporting " Event " . The games are enjoyable and it is the Greatest thing to do in Las Vegas /
Its a nice 50 ' s style dinner with music and games . Oh ! such great burgers . I am a vegetarian and they made almost any one of those into a vegetarian option .
Best eggs Benedict I have had ! The staff were very very nice . The service was quick . I think I found my new breakfast place ! Highly recommend
Large portions . Great bread sticks . Chicken parmesan was top quality .
Fantastic restaurant ! The food was delicious , ( I highly recommend the Crème Brûlée ) and the staff was very friendly and attentive .
T ' was my first Filipino restaurant I ' ve been to in the entire US and it did not disappoint . I love the food ! Makes me feel like home .
In and out in 10 - 15 minutes . Got an amazing price and good service . Excellent choice no BS place to deal with and easy to find .
Go korean and go Randy ! Ask for Randy as your server ! Amazing service and really really good food
Great place to get an oil change during work . Dropped my car off to Cody during lunch and it was ready by the time I got off . Quick and reasonably priced . Would highly recommend
这个地方很棒，我喜欢他们的玉米棒！
Totally recommended . Top notch customer service , price and quality . Made our decision easy . And delivery by today ! What ? ! ? Thanks to Andrew & Ron !
I visited Charlotte recently and quickly became obsessed with the breakfast sandwiches at Amelie ' s .
OMG ! Awesome ! Amazing ! Fantastic ! So happy to have this great spot in our neighborhood !
UMGS does an amazing job serving the community . They perform quality work and treat all of their customers like family . Highly recommend
Best veggie hoagie I ' ve ever had ! Way better than going to subway and getting something bland and run of the mill : )
This is the best all you can eat ( ayce ) sushi buffer in Pittsburgh . Great crab legs and steak , too . With a nice clean environment .
Visit here several times a year . The food is always fresh and well stocked . They have sushi , and several seafood items for their dinner buffet . The staff is always efficient as well .
Amazing and delicious food . This restaurant is not to be missed . I plan on coming here at least once a week . The food here taste like real comfort food . Layered flavors , huge portions wonderful
Definitely the best place to get your car washed . They pay attention to all of the details the other chain companies do not . Everyone is always beyond friendly which is a rarity nowadays .
Wow ! Who knew Vegas had Malaysian food . We had been craving it and the Roti Canai and Rendangs satisfied those cravings . Very friendly service .
Fun atmosphere ! Friendly staff . This places makes going to the dentist not scary for kiddos . . . glad we found this place !
Absolutely no negatives . Great service , great food , cozy quiet environment . I will recommend this gem to anyone who asks .
Their staff is always helpful and friendly . Great prices on western and workwear . Had adequate supplies of ammo this summer where other places were cleaned out .
Love their food and their prices . The owners and staff are very friendly . Their specials are great too . Their pizza and wings are my favorite in Vegas .
The owner , Judy , was very knowledgeable and friendly . Amazing product and prices . I won ' t be going anywhere else !
Purchased a second hand cover for my gears and it was cheap and done quickly . They also pumped up my tires .
Robin is the BEST ! The salon is beautiful ! I am always pleased with my cut and color when I leave . All the stylists do a great job here .
Wow the best soup ever . Always my go to . I love to go here because there is always a treat on the tray when you order a meal . They have the best lemonade as well
Their dogs are off the hook , try the Chicago dog or the Bug Ben ! Incredible beer selection too .
Wow , amazing . Fresh fish , great taste , amazing value . Too bad they don ' t have one in LA
This place is so good ! And they are super nice love it ! ! I ' m gonna come back ! ! ! ! ! ! ! - - - ! !
Great restaurant . We are from out of town and just googled Mexican restaurants . We were pleasantly surprised . It was a little pricey . However , I had the fish tacos and they were fabulous .
Great prices , friendly staff , inviting and laid back atmosphere . I ' m glad we walked by and decided to check it out .
Great . . products selection from snacks to already prepared meals on the go at affordable prices for family on a budget and on the go !
Delicious . Must do the house smokin sauce . Huge portions and great service . Best lunch in Vegas yet
The sampling of Asian cuisine . Beautiful room and quality food and staff . Great oasis to escape to !
Delicious food and wonderful staff . Had the salmon burger and shrimp sliders ( yum ) . Great fries . Dina and VIda were terrific servers .
finally ! ! ! a starbucks down the street from me ! fast , friendly service !
This is one of the best New York style pizza I ever had and the guys are very nice . I definitely will come back to this place .
Excellent service . . . . . used them several times to get back and forth to the airport . Highly recommended .
My first stop when I hit the city . It ' s like eating at grandmas kitchen table . great customer service always . never disappointed ! live this place .
Dimsum - very good Indian - excellent Service and ambiance - very good Great dining experience . A must with every Vegas visit . The Asst Manager - F & B , Mr . Tony Dochev is awesome .
What a cute place , amazing service . I had the matcha latte boba and my Sis had the white grape oolong with cheese top very fresh and delicious . Definitely recommended .
Always a great place to go , great food and friendly service , affordable and quality all the way round .
Sunday brunch . Good service , moderate prices , and great food . Tried the steak and egg tacos , monkey bread ( a must if you have a sweet tooth ) with a bloody mary .
Absolutely the best sushi around ! Any other place I go just does not compare . I do wish they would answer their phone more often though .
Great restaurant that not many people know about . Worth the drive . Cool owner with great prices . Can ' t beat it . As good as roscoes in LA .
A good experience
I Love Tony ' s . The best ice cream I ' ve ever had . Great flavors and choices and the prices are good as well . Classic , old school ice cream shop .
Visiting from Cali , had a craving for Root Beer float . Been a good while since I had some . Service was great . Place looked great too
The dining area was recently expanded and includes many eastern - european favorites . Excellent service , try the sampler : )
Edward is a wonderful guy to work with . I have seen him treat his customers just the way he would his own family .
Not sure why all the bad reviews . I ' ve been ordering pizza from this location for a decade and have never had a problem .
Super friendly owner , he suggested the Cowboy dog and he was right , it ' s delicious . It was super clean and reasonably priced for Old Town Scottsdale . I will be back .
Great bbq , casual atmosphere , local beers and friendly servers . Can ' t go wrong . They are looking to expand menu . Worth the visit .
The staff was very accomodating got the buffett ready fast so we could get to meeting food was delicous
Our meal was delicious , the service was good and it was neat to be able to sit at the bar and watch the chefs prepare everything !
I had an excellent experience here . . . SK removal by Dr . Jeffy . This was an almost painless procedure with friendly and professional staff ( Mary and Max were extremely helpful too ! )
Très beau lieu dans le quartier . Nous étions huit et par chance nous avons été placé très rapidement . Pleins de choix avec des assiettes bien remplies . C ' était très bon
Had the tapas . Amazing food very good portions . I recommend the artichoke . If your into strong wine aroma in your food this is a place for you .
Old Sub Station turned into awesomeness ! 1st time and will be back . Simple decor , great menu . Just a good ol fashioned hogie shop .
Very good service and quality ! Clean place . Love it ! Will be back for sure . Everything was prepared and made well .
This place is so much better than Chen wok . It is amazing and huge portions for a great price . Will never order from anywhere else
Friendly service and delicious breads ! My husband has to have the banana bread every day and my daughter is addicted to the sricha rolls . This is a hidden gem .
great pit stop
Great service from Ron by the bar ! Thanks for the house margarita ! !
Had Loco Moco , biscuits & gravy etc . meal was very good , service was fast , and we never had to ask for refills
Stopped in on a Saturday night for drinks . I had the French Onion soup & it was delicious ! Drinks were good , service was excellent & great prices . Would go back . : )
Had and excellent dining experience ! Delicious steak frites and thanks to the amazing waitstaff led at our table by Jerry a wonderful anniversary dinner ! !
This place is awesome ! ! ! Owners are so nice ! I would recommend anyone to come here ! Food was amazing and the sushi was by far the best in the land !
I really love this place , clean n good service Hokkaido milk tea with boba is my favorite
Been coming here for 15 + years and will continue coming here until I can walk . Best patties ever , double period .
The absolute best street tacos I ' ve had outside of the Pilsen neighborhood in Chicago . Not to be missed !
Went there for dinner this past week . . Food was great and service was outstanding ! Nice ambiance and reasonably priced .
Great food . Great drink prices . Great sports watching . What ' s not to love ?
Michelle Gilman was an awesome host and made my sister ' s bachelorette weekend a very memorable one ! Thank you so much for putting us on the guest list ! !
I eat here every time I go to Las Vegas . Excellent food and service , always . Enough said .
We had the oxtail pho special and it was phenomenal . You must help keep this nice local business in business ! We will be back
Love it here ! Very delicious and great customer service ! Love the prime rib and lobster .
This place is seriously sooo good ! Very fresh and delicious Japanese and Korean food . Ugh the meat MELTS in your mouth . And the owner is very pleasant . Highly recommend ! ! !
YUmmy bbq brisket . Fast and friendly service . Clean , large servimgs sizes , good prices . Came for lunch and it was quick .
Friendly people , great service , and the lemon pepper wings were amazing . I will be back !
This is THE BOMB ! ! ! My family had the trifecta ( little messy on 1 ) 2 is perfect for a medium ammo
Some of the best NY style I have period . Thin crispy dough holds up . No fold needed . Primo .
Awesome place to go . Their motto says it all , " little place , big flavors " or something like that . It ' s just really really good .
Best ayce I have ever been too fresh sushi and great service this place is a must try ! !
$ 8 . 00 for the meatiest , juiciest , and flavorful gyro ! I wish that I paid more for the extra sauce ! my only complaint !
Excellent breakfast and a fun place to go with kids ! We have only ever had breakfast here , and on their breakfast menu the waffles amazing ! The breakfast tacos and scramble bowls are excellent too .
Good music . Good food . Good staff . Yellowtail appetizer is amazing and prices are fair .
The service and food was fantastic ! Definitely worth the visit . Oh and make sure you try the margaritas ! !
Staff is always nice and their pizza is awesome ! The wings are good too ! And so many other things ! Great place to eat .
I LOVE eddies ! ! ! Our bartender Andrew is the best ! That is the main reason me and my boyfriend came back . In addition the food is great and the drinks are too !
Great museum , great collections , great special shows . As good or better than the Los Angeles county collections . Maybe the only free museum in the USA ?
Soul has a very music vibe with upbeat music an extensive menu and creative drinks . The truffle fries are awesome and their entire sushi menu is great ! Will definitely be coming back again and again !
Dope sandwiches . Super quick service . A little expensive but hey . Better than every other cheap restaurant in the neighbourhood ! ! !
Awesome hand decorated for any type of events . I brought these cookies to an event in California fee years and they were a hit !
This is the only place we come for Chaat ! ! ! ! Mouth watering . . . . you will keep going back for more : - )
It ' s awesome here ! ! The guys are soooo hot and nice ! ! The host London is amazing at the mic and getting the crowd excited ! ! highly recommend this place ! !
simply the best calamari I ' ve ever had ( probably because they also serve sushi ) . We ' ve been here numerous times and the food is always superb !
SO much friendlier than the downtown phx location . The girl barista there is just ugly to me every time I walk in . The barista here was super playful and nice . Best coffee around !
I ' ve come here multiple times for breakfast and am never disappointed by the food ! The breakfast potatoes are cooked perfectly and the omelets are full of flavor ! Will definitely continue to go .
Love these guys ! Great food , great service , and open till 3 am ! LOVE THIS !
Very friendly , Great Wash , leaving car looking great and brand new . Won ' t be disappointed , they are pretty fast as well !
What a beautiful park ! Make sure to get off the strip and head out here . Great for everyone , you can drive around and check out the amazing scenery or get out and hike .
Tried the chicken n ' waffles . Nom nom ! Vegan pancakes on point . Oh . Do . Not . Forget ! get the fried apple rings . Jesssus ! It ' s worth the weight gain here
I spend just about every day here , and I love it . The food is always amazing , you can hang out there all day on your laptop , and it ' s great for meeting friends .
First time eating here and was very impressed with " The Cheef " sandwich , great flavor . Friends said the pizza was really good too .
So happy I found Dr . Spieldoch . She is so caring and really cares about her patients . She is extremely professional , as is her team . I highly recommend her .
Tremendous customer service ; very nice people ! They ' re a throwback to the days when everybody knew your name .
Delicious food and great customer service . I had the Panang Curry at medium spice and it was spicy ( packs a great punch ) and delicious ! Pad Thai is also so tasty . Definitely try !
Two words . . . . . bad ass . I thought I hated sushi until sake rok ! Been here twice in last 3 days and I just made reservations for tomorrow
Had a company party there . Service was outstanding , my glass was never empty . Great atmosphere ! ! ! And the food is good !
Really great service . I used a a Groupon and they did the feet first then the massage . Very nice ! Highly recommended !
Love this place . I ' ve been eating here since I was a kid . The hoagie buns are fresh and the oil and seasonings make the sandwich .
Awesome pho ! Great service nice people ! I had the pho and it was delicious ! And they have Chinese also !
LOVE THIS PLACE ! The cabo rolls are at the top of my " must have " list , followed by Tavarua Tuna tacos
My favorite fast food place . Everything tastes fresh from lettuce to tomatoes to burger . I just love it . Animal fries is something to try if it was your first time trying it .
If you want the job done right call Joe Bucko of Arizona Painting Co . They take your requests seriously . They do whatever it takes to get your job done with 100 % satisfaction .
Fantastic BBQ , great beer , and awesome prices . Not much else to say !
Authentic Italian pizza made with fresh ingredients ! Do yourself a favor and place an order tonight ! Personally love the Quattro Formaggio pizza !
Great burgers and friendly staff . I parked right on Main Street and it was free ! Highly recommended .
Came from California for a short vacation , and came across Sushi 21 . Very pleasant service , and our group of seven people thought that the food was very tasty and fresh . Recommending this place .
This place is the bomb . Awesome Korean BBQ that you cook and grill there at the table . Awesome experience .
I ' ve been here a few times when I come to visit my parents . The prices are great , there ' s lots of colors to select from and my pedicures last a month .
Really liked Garcia ' s . Delicious and filling . Most prices are $ 9 - 12 . I had the Buritto Grande and wife had sampler plate .
Wow ! The best optometrist in Vegas . Much better then LensCrafters ! She explained my sight problems and found great new frames Great staff ! I will definitely come back !
Food was so good that my wife and I return two more times while on vacation in Las Vegas .
Hands down best pho in Toronto - yet : ) Love love love their pho . Definitely give it a try folks
That was amazing our server Tammy was off the chart but the food stole the show can ' t wait to go back and have more alligator
Amazing perogies and friendly staff . Will definitely be returning to buy the frozen perogies to have at home .
Delicious food , warm ambiance and great service ! I love supporting organic plant based cuisine and highly recommend randitas !
Excellent food and staff . My wife and I enjoy going there mid afternoon Fridays . You will have a hardtime finding fault with this fine restaurant .
Great butter chicken . My wife and I split one order with rice & nam bread . Super succulent . The bread was fresh and light .
Amazing service ! ! ! ! The food was to die for . I highly recommend me this restaurant . Anytime your in Vegas this spot is a must .
Great food and great service ! ! Ordered the beef chow fun and tom yum soup , both were very good ! ! ! Will definitely eat here again !
Best coffee place that we found in Scottsdale . . This is a destination stop if you are out that way !
They fix all my shoes new and old . They are easy to work with and super friendly . They listen to your needs and make suggestions . Great place .
Love the food here ! Service can be slow but well worth it and if your not satisfied with your food in someway they will usually give it to you for free . Awesome !
This is one of my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh . Great service ! Super tasty food ! Server was very knowledgeable with their menus I really recommend their funnel cake as a desert ! Good luck
Everything on the menu is fantastic . Seafood noodle soup tasty and a good value ( 4 / 5 ) Banana tapioca dessert warm , creamy and naturally sweet . . . delicious ( 5 / 5 )
Wow another great addition to Market Square ! Beautiful space with attentive wait staff and s great menu ! Prices are reasonable and the food was superb !
I eat here at least once a week ! I love there Philadelphia roll and their prices are very reasonable ! Nice staff also !
I had great service here ! Everyone is kind and out going and very helpful . The doctor was very knowledgeable .
Great pancakes . My wife and I shared an order and couldn ' t finish . So massive and delicious .
I love the restaurant . The Greek Salad is the best . Staff is cordial . Decore is nice . Service is timely . Thumbs up !
Impressed with this place . Great menu and customer service . Pricing is dead on . Inviting for those outside sports crowd . We ' ll be back !
Great service , food was great and came out fast . Much better than the Denny ' s in Parma .
Wonderful hotel in Old Montreal . Nice sized , beautifully appointed rooms with great service . Always a joy to stay here .
WOW ! ! Best Greek food I have had in the Valley . Love the baklava - cheese cake dessert . The owners were very welcoming and friendly . Very nice atmosphere .
I drive 30 minutes across town to attend classes here . That should tell you how awesome it is .
Great service . Nick came out for an estimate and was able to fix my problems that day . And came in under the price of other companies . Would definitely recommend and use again !
Lecker Kaffee und Tee . Freundliches und aufmerksames Personal . Schöner Platz zum Verweilen mit schnellem stabilem WLAN .
Really cool older to hang out and meet friends . It ' s quiet and stylish . The 20 - something layered crepe dessert is amazing . The green tea flavor is my favorite .
Best vietnamese ever . Outstanding service . Owners even remember their regular customers names .
Love this tea bar ! You HAVE to try their iced jasmine latte with honey and sea salt cream ! It ' s life changing ! The customer service is always amazing as well !
Cool spot . I ' ve been here multiple times of the day . Great food , good service , cool atmosphere , great draft beer . Free wifi . Love this place .
Barry Bond and KC BBQ sandwiches were delicious . Kiddo really enjoyed Chester the Cheetah sandwich as well . Beer battered onion rings were phenom . We ' ll be back ! !
Every part of it was excellent ! The food was fantastic ( we even got dessert ! ) , BYOW is convenient , and Andre our waiter is an absolute professional that made it all that much better !
Sushi / Sashimi / Appetizer or Hot dishes , anything is good ! They come with a reasonable price too . Will come back again ! : )
It was as advertised . It was a great choice for restaurant week . Everything was grade A . Our server Chris was awesome and very knowlegeable about the menu . I would highly recommend this place .
Always great seafood . And usually great service . Just don ' t be upset if you have to wait a few minutes for a table . It ' ll be worth it .
This place was on point . Cant go wrong with Pho . My meal was so good and tasted fresh . Will visit this place again .
This is a great library ! The staff members are so nice and it ' s a nice quiet location to read or study ! !
Amazing food and service is excellent and friendly ! Environment is clean and joyful and it ' s located in a quiet part of Calgary
Very tasty and the misters make it very nice on the patio . The food is very good but prices a little high for a burger .
Fresh food and a great value . Food came out quickly and the staff was very attentive . Will Donnelly recommend this place and will continue to go there .
Awesome show , everything you ' d want and expect from a musical for Evil Dead , hilarious ! !
What a way to start 2016 - - tender , lean and delicious BBQ ribs as the evening special . Sapori D ' italia covers all the bases - and never fails to impress .
BEST THAI PLACE I HAVE TRIED SO FAR . . . . amazing service from are server apple just great food most difficultly I will come back
the BEST BEST hotdogs ! ! If you havent tried chili mans hotdogs or even met the chili man , well im sorry you are missing out . 5stars no doubt !
Best tacos in Maricopa County ! Love coming here . The staff and prices are amazing . You should check this place out .
This is an awesome Thai place I went there last night I ordered Yum Nua , Pad Thai and Fried banana with coconut ice cream they were awesome . " Chon Thai " I will come back
Pro Care Hospice has a wonderful team who is passionate and compassionate about what they do . They step in and help in the most stressful and frightening times .
Like most Starbucks I ' ve been to , this one includes the same fast friendly service and perfect order accuracy .
The employees were quick , knowledgable , and friendly . The prices were amazing compared to other scrub suppliers and the check out was quick . I recommend this place to anyone looking for service as described above !
Yummy food and great service ! Thankful for the AC in this July heat . Don ' t forget to check in and get your free muffin !
Wonderful atmosphere . Loved the Christmas decorations . Dinner was fabulous . Had the baked chicken special , it was perfect ! Parking was a little tricky , but worth it .
Relied on the reviews when we landed at the Phoenix airport very hungry . So glad we did ! Delicious authentic and very friendly service . Great place !
Very good stuff here . Lots of options ! I thoroughly enjoy this place . Best I ' ve been to yet !
Super yummy pizzas and salads ! Not a ton of seating area indoors . Bar across the hall so you can get any drink you like .
Good manicure job . Very clean . Nail tech taking her time to do your nails . Very friendly staff . Reasonable price . Worth your money . No appointment necessary .
Love this place I go all the time everything is yummy the portions are good Service is great , value for money it ' s one of the best places around highly recommended
Rich and delicious . We had the curry chicken and the oxtail in brown sauce , and both were excellent . Don ' t miss the sorrel ( hibiscus ) and the fruit punch to drink .
This is my favorite froyo / gelato hang out . Amazing flavors , fresh fruits and toppings . Contemporary decor and fun atmosphere . The staff is so friendly . Highly recommend yogurt time !
This Teavana is great ! They remember my name and are always happy to suggest new teas , they will happily brew a cup and have some convo . Very knowledgable staff as well .
Fabulous neighborhood resteraunt ! ! Great Pho ! I love their curry and rice noodle with veggies I will always continue to come here
Amazing , fresh sushi . Friendly owners who always remember me . I bring all my out of town guests here !
Came here for my fiancés birthday and didn ' t know what to expect . It was literally the BEST meal either of us has ever had ! ! ! ! Recommend to anyone with a mouth : )
Always fresh . Always friendly . Awesome service . Drive thru is always fast . Inside is fast as well . Love the Holliday donuts . Will always come back .
Fantastic food and atmosphere , and right in the heart of Pittsburgh right at the foot of the baseball stadium . Will definitely hit up the next time in Pittsburgh !
Nice Costco . Friendly and helpful employees . We like that they stock local beers . Conveniently located off the highway .
Probably the best meat shop I have ever been to in the entire North America . Great service , great variety , decent prices . Highly recommend going there
Really great food . Went on a Sunday and was not crowded . Food & service were both very good .
Excellent food , atmosphere and attention to detail . Thank you Carmen ( server ) for the great suggestions ! Beautiful decor and upscale music and feel .
We had a chef named Chad that was amazing ! Food was phenomenal and Chad made the whole meal . We will definitely be back !
Very welcoming and friendly staff . Delicious treats and comfortable environment . This is now a new regular place for us . Can ' t wait to come back and try everything else they have : )
The food was delicious and the service superb ! We loved it so much we went 2 nights in a row . Our server , Leslie , was fantastic . Ask for her !
Awesome movers ! Showed up on time , worked hard , super friendly . Very reasonable price .
The server was sweet , the food was fresh and yummy , and the decor was nice . A pleasant experience .
I have no words . . . this place is just amazing , the atmosphere , the food , everything is like wow , I will definitely become a regular here
Great tacos , gorditas , and tortas Loved all the salsas The resturant appearance will fool you but the Flavors are all there . Delicious
LOVE this Starbucks ! Joey and TJ are the best baristas ! Joey has my drink ready for me before I even place my order !
Best Thai food place in town . Always very nice , and attentive . I love the environment , very quiet and relaxing . Makes your experience even better .
VERY VERY good . I love this place . I was a virgin until this week . Great creative sandwiches and friendly staff . I had the the Bear Hug . It was amazing !
Probably my favorite place for dim sum , and they serve everyday ! ! ! Shao Mai is a must having dish for me ! Ingredients are fresh and favor are so good !
An amazing meal , causal atmosphere and attentive service . By far our best meal in Montreal and we did the Old Montreal food tour earlier today .
Stopped in with my wife tonight for first time based on Yelp reviews . Glad We did ! Great food , great service , reasonable prices . I will be back .
I enjoyed every bit of dishes at Momo : ) Tonkatsu and beef steak were so delicious , and the price was very reasonable . I ' d like to come here to eat Japanese food ! ! !
One great bar ! They always pour them strong and quick , always a plus . Great place to hang with a few friends . Come for the booze stay for the free darts and local flavor
This is my favorite Japanese restaurant for lunch . Great food and the workers are always in a good mood , Chelsea especially .
Gorgeous and romantic interiors . Spectacular food . Exquisite service . Bellagio fountains . What more could you ask for ?
This by far my spot when ti comes to eat sushi . It never disappoints . Great spot to bring people that are new to sushi
Love the food here and the drinks . Brunch is a must . Escargot here is worth it as well their pate . Great to sit outside during the nice cool evenings .
Big clean well groomed park . Some rude dog owners don ' t pick up after their animals but otherwise a great addition to the feel and ever - growing charm of downtown .
Awesome experience ! Karl and Jonathan were informative and fun to work with . Will definitely take visitors here on the regular !
I love this place ! Awesome food , great beer and wine ! Totally worth a visit , but I already love kielbasa , Pierogies and potato pancakes !
Very good meat . Reasonable price and good service ! Very close to the strip too . Definitely coming back : )
This is by far one of the greatest shows in las vegas . . . a must see Frank Marino is hysterical and keep you wanting more ! !
This is now my favorite cafe . music is nice , nice decor . People working here are very friendly . I got Greentea Raindrop & Scarlet iced Tea Everything was so good I will be back !
My favorite Hawaiian spot ! Glad there ' s one on our side . The furikake chicken is amazing ! Breaded chicken with a sweet sauce and furikake seasoning . Big portions , so come hungry .
Excellent food , attractively presented , and served by a polite , friendly , and attentive staff in a very pleasant room . Highly recommended !
A great place for Breakfast , or eating after the bar / club . They make a great Reuben and the omelettes are amazing . Highly recommended
I love this place . I frequent this store at least 2x a week . Friendly staff , great prices , and wonderful atmosphere .
A great place for a foodie . The smoked salmon is literally smoked under glass . Try the pickle jar and the time traveler cocktail . Great unusal food am presentation .
Incredible donuts ! Everything I ' ve tried has tasted delicious . So light and fresh tasting , not overly sweet . So happy my friend introduced me to MJ ' s !
Good choice of craft beers and the food was great . The hamburger bun was bordering on amazing .
Excellent beer selection and a good variety of tasty and fresh sausages . The dip sauce with truffles is really delicious . Fully recommended .
Best teachers in town . I have found all of my favorite teachers from over the years all joined together in this wonderful little space . I am so excited to be a part of this yoga community .
Great tasting ice tea ( peach black tea ) sweetened to your preference . Customer service is great , nice vibes . Will come again
Simply put , this is the best game store I ' ve ever been to . Organized , clean , and great service . Beats Gamestop by a mile .
My wife and I love taste buds . If we want fro yo we drive across town for taste bud plain and simple !
Love this place . . . facials are amazing and totally affordable ! ! Staff is friendly and accommodating
So happy this place opened up across the street from me ! My new go - to . Chicken is delicious , amazing service , nice and clean . Get the spicy feta - so good !
This pizza was great . Pizza sauce makes a good pizza and this was outstanding . Great service . Loved the " chandelier " . Great experience .
I love the fresh , organic offerings of this restaurant ! The mimosa with the fresh orange juice really hit the spot .
The best sushi in Rock Hill ! Quality and taste you would find in a larger city . Excellent Sushi Chef and really good service !
Delicious . Food has a lot of flavor , big proportions , and worth the money . They deliver , Grubhub , and have door dash . I definitely recommend coming here .
Thanks to Shane and to Kathy at Kleinhenz for their genuine warmth and professionalism . Your repair of a family heirloom is so appreciated !
The best sandwich shop in Charlotte hands down ! The art on the walls is bad a $ $ and the people there so so darn friendly . Love love love this place !
This place is awesome Francesca is so sweet and genuinely cares about her clients she makes sure you are completely satisfied with every service and staff is super friendly
Delicious American and authentic Chinese food ! ! I go here at least once a week for either sushi or some of their Cantonese dishes . Great customer service . Worth the drive ! !
Heather was wonderful . Excellent fast and hot food with the best service and smiles for is this morning . We will always be back for breakfast here .
Met with Das Frank on a referral from a friend and it resulted in the best tattoo I have and a great experience overall . I will return and send friends .
So good , so fresh ! Large portions made in a sort of Chipotle style . Friendly staff . Perfect pricing . All that to say , " We ' ll be back ! "
The ladies at Mint are so sociable , enthusiastic , and entertaining that provided a great atmosphere ! Can ' t wait to go back !
This is one of my favorite Vegetarian Restaurants ! Good stuff and very yummy
Amazing wine list for great value , stunning decor and awesome service combined with best mahi fish I have ever enjoyed !
Out of site food ! I could seriously eat myself silly on there soup dumplings ! I would eat there every week if I were closer ! Love it !
Great venue . Food was good and the beer was cheap . Chicken tinga torta before Sister Sparrow and Anders Osbourne show . Good night for a Monday .
This place is good . The staff is friendly and not fake . The food is good . Casual atmosphere . .
This is by far the best restaurant ! From the moment you walk in till you leave everything is done with class . Food is always great
By far my favorite pizza in town ! The deep dish is to die for and so is their service ! I have eaten here countless times and have never been let down !
FELICIA IS THE ONLY ONE FOR MY HAIR ! ! ! Also everyone is warm and inviting . Love this location ! !
Florence , who took my order , was very friendly . Both my sandwhich and coffee were made correctly and came out hot and delicious .
Had a great meal , bang bang shrimp was our fav . Date night ended with fried bananas and coconut sticky rice ice cream . Yum !
This is by far my favourite place to get food ! We love the owners , the flavour and the options ! The best curry in Calgary , in my opinion !
This place is amazing ! The tri tip torta is spicy , with great flavor . I had it delivered , and it was here in less then 30 min . I would definitely return .
Only place in the area that makes an authentic Vienna beef Chicago style hot dog . Simply awesome !
Love this shop ! Great vintage style reproduction dresses . The owner was very helpful and has great style .
A great establishment with great entertainment . The lanes are always kept up and the seating is nice as well .
Amazing authentic tacos . Great looking buildout . You have to wait in line to order but that ' s ok because you can watch a sweet old lady make tortillas . Great addition to roosevelt district
I love this place . Above average Chinese food in my opinion , and prices are very reasonable . Looks to be just a family who runs it and they are always friendly .
Ben did a great job with his service . There were several options to get the door open and he suggested the best way .
Great food and even better desserts . Prices are reasonable and food portions are the perfect size . They find the seats for you so no need to worry about the long lines .
Best everything ! Food and staff ! Had the Koffee Kyphon Club Sandwich , Cream of Asparagus Soup , and Coconut Cream Pie !
Great food and service . They cook everything made to order . California Omelet is great ! Fried Zucchini is one of my favorite things ! So glad they opened one in Centennial Hills !
The boss Pizza was delicious . The kids Pizza was pretty big . Overall great service . Brian the waiter was very attentive and polite . The beer selection was amazing . Great spot for family and friends .
Very efficient service ! ! I brought my favorite pair of jeans here for alterations and they worked magic . Prices are unbelievable and dry cleaning was done is couple days . Well worth the visit hands down .
Went here with some friends a few months ago . The sushi is great and the interior is cute . It ' s a great option for sushi if you want to find something off the Strip .
My boyfriend and I been here 3 times and it was delicious each time . Service is fast and very friendly . Will definitely keep coming for weekend breakfasts !
Awesome place located on paradise awesome drink a must to visit . The food is very good to , parking is ok .
Great cars , excellent service , friendly team . I highly recommend this company over any cash car rental office in Las Vegas .
This place is so yummy . It had fast service and decent prices ! Great date night spot .
SJ Fowler Real Estate is a great company to work with . I sold my home and bought another with their help ! I highly recommend them if you need to buy or sell real estate !
Nothing but good experience ! Foods cheap , drinks are made just right and Tammy is fucking awesome ! I ' ll be back ! ! ! !
Great Neighborhood Pool store that carries anything you need . I always make sure I buy from the local businesses in my area
I absolutely adore this place . The atmosphere was so relaxing and beautiful . I loved the greenhouse inside . I got the croissant filled with espresso cream and it was delicious . I will definitely be back !
Cucumber margarita . Amazing . Sat at the chef ' s table . Loved the food . Loved the place . Loved the margaritas . Would have preferred not to see how they make the bacon trout guacamole .
Peter Piper is Arizona ' s family oriented pizza chain . Most people think the pizza is complete garbage and often describe it as cardboard , but I think it ' s just plain great .
10 stars ! I try to get tacos from them every week in Braddock . Never had a bad taco ever . Worth every penny
Great flavors fresh fruit . . New owners as I found out . Had some negative reviews before but know is worth the trip !
Loved this place so much that we came a second time on our following trip . The service was excellent today as was the food !
This place is da bomb ! ! If you are looking for a flavorful sandwich you ' ve got to check out Ike ' s . The staff is super friendly and patient .
5 stars for the train . Food was delicious service was mediocre . Potatoes el diablo were cooked perfect !
This place is surprisingly good . I say surprisingly because it does not look like much . But the ffod and tge value is great .
I lov this place ! The food is just spectacular . I ' ve been several times and never disappointed . Love the kimchi fries , the risotto and the cheesecake !
Some of the best customer service I have ever received . They were slammed on a late Saturday morning and still managed to thoroughly impress me . Great food as well .
Excellent food , desserts and coffee . Very friendly staff and a bright , happy enviroment . Highly recommend you try this place !
39 . 5 weeks pregnant and such a relief for my tired and swollen feet ! Will definitely go again . Perfect date night !
I would recommend them to any couple , the staff is very professional , nice and flexible . They are reasonably priced . I am very happy we chose them to help me and my husband get married .
Good food in a great location inside the linq promenade . Stumbled upon this place after walking all evening and was pleasantly surprised . Great pizzas , amazing service . What more can you ask for ?
Best restaurant in the entire city ! ! Worth the 2 month reservation wait ! Best margs , best tacos , best street corn ! !
This was amazing ! Fresh Japanese noodle bar the mentai cream udon was great , shrimp tumpura and you must get the lemonade . Will definitely be back especially with the great prices on menu .
The best pho restaurant in Vegas . Restaurant is super clean . The service is fast and the staff is very friendly . The pho is absolutely delicious with generous portions and reasonable price .
Very good taste for food . Nice environment , good place for dating . Love here so much . Ordered yellow curry , one of the most dilicious Thai food for me .
Rob came out to help me on a warranty issue . The nicest guy ever . He was honest , upfront , and friendly . I will be calling him again in the future .
One of the hippest coffee spots around . . . . Old Scottsdale . This place has me so addicted but a gooooood addiction !
I really like this gym . From the cinema room to the free weights to the pool . Clean facility . Great , friendly , knowledgeable staff .
This place has become our favorite Mexican food spot . Good food , friendly service and close to our home .
great food , much better than chipotle . much fresher flavor . staff is always happy and smiling . recommend this restaurant to everyone .
We always have so much fun here ! Fun atmosphere , the dancers pouring the shots is always fun . Reliable , fun night out .
The bbq wings are to die for , my personal favorite ! ! ! ! All in all , eveything is very very good especially the chicken wings . If your in this area try Hamburger Hut out .
Incredible . Thomas Keller Restaurant ! Can ' t get any better . What an incredible dinner . I have eaten at the finest restaurants in France and this one can hang !
I love this place ! Good Menu and delicious food and ambience . If you bring a child make sure they are manageable . They do have burgers for children .
Such a cute shop ! Love the selection of colors and the fun chandeliers and the prices are incredibly good !
I love this place ! Nacho cheese is amazing ! I ' m obsessed with their fajitas ! ! I highly recommend trying the shrimp and steak fajita ! Services is amazing . Everyone is so friendly !
Great crew at grave yard shift ! The rest are ok they get a 4 star .
Visited again today . LOVED the new musical instrument section and the expanded sheet music area . AWESOME .
Classic place . Been around for 60 + years . Best Bologna sandwich there is . Eat with mustard only and sit at the bar .
Literally my favorite restaurant ! Drinks , food , service , atmosphere are all amazing : ) been coming here for a couple years now .
First time tonight . Staff super friendly , service great , and pizza was fantastic ! We ' ve found a new hangout ! Can ' t wait to try something else for dinner .
Two words : avocado toast ! You wait a little bit to get your coffee and food , but it ' s worth it . Simple cute shop with a few menu items that are all yummy !
Awesome X 3 ! Fantastic service and quality ! The only cleaners in Las Vegas I use ! Shout out to Debbie , the owner !
Randy Randy Randy ! He is the guy you want as your server guys . The food was amazing and the service was even more AMAZING ! Randy treated us really good . Definitely coming back
Best soul food that I have had at a restaurant ! ! This is coming from a guy from Memphis , TN ! !
Amazing service by our waitress Yesenia out on the patio . The food , drinks and hospitality by everyone was amazing , thanks again . Ask for yesenia !
Food was excellent , waitress couldn ' t sweeter , and they gave us free desert for our anniversary ! ! Ellen was out amazing server
Delish ! Party of four dine in . All different food all yummy . Curry Puffs and satay are a must .
Randolph help me pick out which breathing machine mask would work best for me . He was very professional and patiently explained to me how to use the equipment . He also had a great sense of humor .
It was Amazing service ! Our nails turned out beautifully ! They were all very sweet people ! I loved the atmosphere ! Costumer service at its finest .
The blue flame is probably one of their best rolls ! They are to die for . Love this place . But I go to the one in Goodyear
Local , fresh , funky with a great peaceful vibe from everyone , employee and patio " friends " you make included . . .
I absolutely love that even when they are busy , I can still get a table and the sushi is always amazing . I especially love their spicy tuna roll .
This place is my favorite ! All there food is amazing . My favorite are the BIG fluffy omelets ! Waiters are on point .
Everything we had at dinner yesterday was very tasty ! Our server Tiara was very attentive and made some great suggestions . The veg steamed bun was really good .
Found this place on our way out of Vegas ! So delish ! Great comfort food for sure . Recommend the Kentucky fried chicken !
Best breakfast place in The World . . . love it ! The place hasn ' t changed since they opened their doors in 1950 - somethin ' . . . . the best .
Sorry raps , but this is by far the best and most authentic jerk chicken i have had in toronto . i come here religiously for a quick dinner for my girlfriend and i . real deal !
According to my son . . . " great hotdogs , definitely eat There ! If you don ' t , I feel sorry for you . "
Excellent service , competitive prices - very knowledgeable . I would recommend them to anyone .
Great food , great people , I ' ve been going here for awhile and I love it ! Food is delicious and their patio is amazing ! Totally would recommend this place
This place is amazing I have the bone in ribeye , it was one of the best steaks I have ever had , and the bone marrow appetizer .
Service was good , the Michelada was good ! Everything was on point ! ! ! Place is clean and good music playing while watching the soccer game ! ! Worth coming to eat .
Mr . Giuliani , was a pleasure dealing with , very personable , extremely fast and accurate . His law office is very professional and is highly recommended from me !
OMG ! The food is soooo good ! This place is hoppin ' so make sure to get a reservation . The staff is very friendly , but the food is some of the best in Calgary .
Love Egg Works for breakfast the food is always fresh ! Potatoes and banana muffins are so yummy . I come here at least once a month . Fast and friendly service , nice atmosphere : )
Awesome place definitely recommend gave me an awesome massage including my shoulders to go with my pedi
Brought here as a treat for our team holiday and I am already planning multiple repeat trips
Please try this place , it ' s hella yummy . I ordered the chicken with garlic sauce add $ 3 shrimp . Talking about a blessing ! Great spot for large parties .
I love this restaurant . My girls and I have been going for months and the service and food is excellent ! I take everyone there to try this amazing place .
Great place with excellent service from our waitress Karla . Would highly recommend . Came for breakfast , would come again on our trip to Vegas .
Great service and fun staff ! A colleague and I went for pedis and enjoyed our time there . Thank you ! !
The best fast food chain . Period . Great tasting food . Wonderful people . Reasonable price .
Wow ! ! ! ! ! Awesome ice cream maybe the best I have ever had . . fantastic service , very clean inside and good vibe
Delicious ! sweet and sour pork is great . Good value unlike the franchise restaurants .
Innovative kitchen tools , extensive selection of awesome kitchen gadgets , nice store to buy a gift nobody else have , I recommend it 100 % .
The fresh squeezed orange juice is a plus . Not cheap but really good food . Worth the price .
Obsessed . So freakin good . Great service too . You can ' t go wrong here ! Try the broccoli fondue . Mmmm
There may not be another restaurant as finely tuned , approachable , affordable , and elegant on this planet . Never a disappointment . Always an amazement .
Delicious food . Friendly service . Even got complimentary egg rolls and wontons ! Definitely coming again !
Excellent lunch ! Really fresh and delicious ! The ordering process was quick and easy and there is a nice atmosphere . Definitely recommended .
Best brunch I ' ve ever had ! No question about it . What can I say ? Great food , professional and excellent service and the quality of the food is outstanding for the price .
Fun atmosphere . Friday night Cosmo martinis are great , but the Saturday grapefruit margaritas are my absolute favorite ! Food is always tasty as well . Great laid back restaurant in Sharon Square !
Mike and Marty from Sun Auto ROCK ! ! ! ! Would definitely recommend them for your car care needs .
My favorite boba place ever ! Period . Can ' t beat quality boba and excellent customer service . Every time .
What a great new addition to Solon ! Healthy food and fresh ! The owners are nice and take great pride in offering an excellent product . The interior is cute and it is popular at lunch .
Sammy was an outstanding waitress , food was great , but salsa needed to be thicker but it was really good albeit too thin ! Perfect noise level for conversation !
Best pho restaurant ! ! I usually went there once a week but I moved from Charlotte and missing this place terribly . Never had any problem with the food or the services .
Their Pad See Ew is delicious . More authentic and way better service than Salad King down the street . Prices are very reasonable . Will definitely be back !
So glad that there ' s one close to work ! Now if I forget anything , I can just drive over !
This is not your average Chinese food this place had some of the best quality food i have had in north america and im not exadurating . Food is a bit pricy but well worth it
This is hands down the best noodles in vegas . Great place . Eqsy simple menu . Perfect for hangovers
I love the empanadas from the Empanadas House ! They ' re authentic Argentine empanadas and they are delicious ! If you have a sweet tooth try the Dulce de Leche with Walnuts !
Love love love Dr . Stacie ! ! ! A very passionate dentist . Jessie and the rest of the staff are wonderful too !
Meatball ! ! ! ! ! Very small restaurant , and very hard to find . But , one of the best Italian restaurant I ' ve ever been to .
They hooked me up here ! ! ! Nicole did one of the best nail jobs I have ever had . They are saying my review is too short but this is all I have to say .
Stopped in today for cigars . Great help and a nice selection . The expansion is very nice .
THIS PLACE IS OPEN ! ! ! Good food ! great service ! Friendly atmosphere ! No complaints . . . will go back !
Very good , authentic Malaysian Food . Ayam Redang was excellent , great service , will be back again . Roti Canai was not greasy and authentic , loved it .
I was referred here and I take my children here and always will . Hands down the best pediatric dentist in town .
We just found this place and it is our favorite donut shop in the east valley ! They are very light and fluffy . Blueberry and lemon poppyseed are our favorites !
I love this place . This is the best place around . Good food and the service is outstanding . Try the Kitchen Sink , it ' s awesome !
Adam was very professional , non - pushy , and great to do business with . We had checked out their competitors and Fitness 4 Home was much better in every way .
I received prompt and excellent customer service for a passport photo . I can ' t think of anything that could have been done better .
We love their margarita pizza ! Their delivery service is always fast and their food is amazing . Highly recommend !
This is the most courteous and professional place I ' ve been to easiest staff to talk with !
Clean and very well kept place . The staff is wonderful and very helpful , especially for a first timer like me
Jessie Lee is the " Bomb Diggity ! ! " Single and Sexy ! ! The food is old school bar food done right . Try the Calzone . - outta this world .
This course was amazing and exceeded my expectations . The course was very well kept and had amazing fairways and greens . A little open and a way fun course . Bottom line fair priced and amazing .
Thanks for the free dozen donuts for the Vegas Golden Knights getting a shutout last night Great community involvement
love their crispy chicken and grass jelly with red bean ( G5 ) ! in my last visit ( 2days ago ? ) , i saw they were selling coconut pudding , must try it next time !
Amazing service ! If you want someone truly passionate about their craft Alexus is your girl ! Her designs are always on point and you ' ll leave happy every time !
This is great traditional Italian food . We enjoyed having a birthday celebration . We met the chef and he was such a fantastic person . We enjoyed all the dishes we ordered .
Their prices are now $ 39 . 95 . If you can buy the Bucky book in September when it comes out , this coupon ( bogo ) itself pays for the entire book !
Good seafood restaurant here at crystal mall Las Vegas . And I really love drink here they ' re call Mastro ' s Lemon Drop and Dream Berry serve with dry - ice that so cool .
Easy , painless cleaning . I would definitely recommend and am looking forward to my next appointment !
Awesome work great prices ! Very professional and delivered as promised . I will be bringing all my cars here in the future .
Very awesome restaurant . The rolls with the Apple jam and salted butter are wonderful . The shrimp and grits meal is delicious . Be sure to ask for their house made hot sauce .
Brought all 3 of my pups in for nail clipping / trims and it was very fast and great service . Only $ 10 / dog . I will come here again !
Didn ' t have anything but a regular coffee , but I really liked the coffee and the location is great ! Nice place to sit and watch people go by .
Great variety of sandwiches and subs . Very fresh and delicious . Prices reasonable and great selection . Short wait .
Love my apartment and all the staff . Everyone who works here is very friendly and helpful . It is great to have your own private yard .
Best pho in the valley ! Fast service . Ever since moving from California to here , ( California had the best pho ) and Saigon Nites is just as good .
Love this place ! Very caring and dedicated staff , Linda was awesome ! . I got my eyebrows done here and absolutely love them ! Would recommend to anyone considering permanent makeup at an affordable price .
Great atmosphere , specials , wine and charcuterie ! Love this place for date night or friends get together
I locked myself in the car and they showed up in no less than 10min to save the day ! ! Nick was super chill and I recommend them to anybody in Old Town Scottsdale ! !
I ' m in love ! All you can eat , a show , gorgeous staff . Affordable , I want all my birthdays here .
Had a bottomless brunch . The food , drink and service was great ! Thank you Lane for the great service .
I really loved staying here ! The decor is very modern and everything was very clean . I slept amazing and had no noisy neighbors . I would stay here again anytime !
We had a great time in the cell ! We had a group of 6 , it was quite challenging , but we had a blast ! !
D from Iowa and this the best bar / saloon in Arizona that I have visited ! Dustin , Matt , Nicole and manager Keleigh have been FANTASTIC ! So attentive and FUN ! ! Thank you !
Best friendly service . Ordered through JustEat and delivery people were always extremely polite and genuine without asking for tip . Food is exceptional and honest people . Best genuine Thai food in the GTA .
Service was excellent . The hostess , wait staff were super attentive knowing what we needed even before us flagging them down . Food was delicious . Can ' t wait for the next time .
I absolutely love getting my nails done here ! The pedicures are sanitary and so indulgent . Great customer service , please try LK out !
Great guys and will use again ! Very helpful and honest people . They helped with my directv system and my entire smart home system . They did a great job !
I love this place . They slay me every time I ' m there . I love them they are truly the real deal . Lisa Charlotte
Very nice . Everything is delicious ! If you want to try traditional Chinese dishes and noodle , here is a definitely a right choice !
Great Service and Pricing . Love the 32 Pt Silk Cards . . . We use them for our High End Clients at 4evergrafix . . . . Would recommend to everyone .
Fourth time and we received amazing service sushi was fresh . Definitely coming back to this restaurant
Green tea cake is to DIE for and the macarons are seriously out of the world . MUST TRY !
The food isn ' t great but this franchise feeds a lot of starving Uni students and often forgets to charge them for extras to support the student community I hear .
BEST Coconut / Pineapple Margarita , Table side Guacamole , & Lobster Enchiladas I ' ve EVER had ! ! Amazing meal & fun to sit on the strip & people watch . . .
I had a wonderful massage by Neisha . . . . everyone is so helpful and always trying to make your experience as good as possible . Love the ambiance of this spa .
Very experience and professional ! My water heater was fixed in less than 2 hours . Highly recommend to everyone . Friendly and great attention to details . Thank you !
They are the best and so reasonably priced . You leave feeling so relaxed . Highly recommended barefoot !
Pizza and wings were good . Service and atmosphere friendly . Would definitely come back .
Went here . . . Again . . . In June . Taking my girls here tonight in July . : ) My fav Soooo loving their food .
The best blueberry pancakes I ' ve ever had ! They are very fluffy and the fresh blueberries were amazing . Tryst has a great atmosphere and I ' d highly recommend for a brunch date !
Amazing ! One of the best meals I ' ve ever had ! Don ' t miss the duck fat fries appetizer , it ' s delicious ! My mouth is watering just thinking about Stripsteak .
Love the selection and brands just bought a couple back packs and a wallet was stoked on my purchases and the service was good
The best molten chocolate cake I ' ve ever had , I had here . Super soft cake , gooey molten center , and covered with a caramel glaze . FOODGASM !
I think this place is often overlooked . The drunken noodles are fabulous ! It ' s kind of hidden next to the ' Dollar ' theatre , but worth trying !
It ' s bomb as Fuck can ' t even lie I have only ordered and delivered it to my house but spring rolls are bomb too
When Wing Stop is to busy and you don ' t wanna cook . Want some great wings for football game here ' s your secret spot .
Don ' t want to say too many things positive as I don ' t want it to get too crowded . Great pizza and salads . Very neighborly ! Highly recommend .
They are very nice and welcoming . The food is awesome as well . I always try something new when I go and I have never been disappointed . I highly recommend this place ! ! !
Good food in a laid back atmosphere . If you ' re feeling lucky play some Keno . Also great pizza and beer specials on Tuesday ' s .
Good casual chain . Mimosas are 6 . 50 . Prices are good , portions are large enough . Many options . Similar to Eggspectation perhaps a bit more upscale / trendy ambiance than eggspectation .
I went here for brunch and had the make your own breakfast sandwich . The food was great ! ! ! ! ! The atmosphere is even better ! ! ! !
So far this is the best boba and fresh drinks that I ' ve tried . Really recommend it . Since I work for a restaurant in the casino , they usually have discounts for the workers .
Shots to the dome here ! I can always dig . Got a table for the homies birffday and had a killer night . Gotta check it out if you haven ' t .
This place is amazing and they gave us so much food . We ordered a two people gangnam dinner and definitely fed the three of us and we were super full ! We will come back again !
Great food . Stiff drinks sweet dessert . Try their steak from Omaha Steaks reserve .
Great service , yummy food . . . . the biscuits and gravy are probably the BEAT I have ever had and I am a biscuit and gravy girl
This place has the best tacos al pastor and asada . I can truly say this is authentic Mexican food and with an amazing flavor ! I recommend it .
Fabulous service and awesome food . We had the Italian wedding soup , the fried sampler plate , and the carbonera .
Delicious and welcoming . . . EAT HERE ! ! ! and if your lucky . . . try the cheese cauliflower soup ! Its so delicious you will crave it in the crazy summer heat .
Great food , fresh food , great delivery 10 / 10 , keep up the great work , I tried both chicken and carne . . . amazing !
Thai heavenly food prepared fresh and yummy ! Perfect place to chill and relax while savoring thai culture
From the moment I walked in door I had great service . Everyone stopped to ask if I needed anything . Never had a moment of waiting for service . And food was amazing
Love this location ! ! Chicken always perfect and sooooo friendly ! ! ! Thanks guys ! Keep up the good work !
They are delicious ! Love their flavors and the best waffle cups ever ! Wish all their speciality creations were available for delivery and then it would be perfect , but otherwise taste is superb .
I ' m coming back for the pumpkin spice cookie sandwich and Jakob with a J ! This place is amazing !
Love Love Love . Wonderful tapas and small plates . Perfect for a social dinner with drinks . The Deep South Nachos are an absolute must !
Love this hotel casino and their buffet is one of the best is Las Vegas and Henderson . Must try !
- Food was great - Large variety of menu items , have tried a few different items all which were great - Staff is very friendly - Very cozy and classy environment
We ' ve taken both of our dogs here . Dr . Barbier is great . I love that they don ' t have the metal tables for the dogs but a nice bed .
First time trying it tonight and cant believe i haven friven past this little gem for 2 years and waited this long . . homemade ice cream is delicious good prices and great service
A nice spot to get some Vietnamese food . I had the house soup and it was quite good . The owner and staff are very friendly and inviting .
We were here at least 15 times and try almost everything on their menu for breakfast and brunch . . food 10 service 10 atmosphere 10 . So so happy for a picky person like me : )
Jacinda is awesome . She cuts my sons hair perfectly . I recommend Fun Kutz hair salon to anyone who has kids . Always clean . And fun for kids when waiting for there appt .
Friendly neighborhood market . Phoenix nostalgia at its best . A must stop if you are doing business in south Phoenix and need a cold beverage and a smile .
Great place friendly staff and I love the selection . I really like the Tea Gelatos !
Taco Tuesday was amazing ! ! ! The manager was so nice and friendly . Whole restaurant was clean .
We frequented the location in Palm Coast Florida which was good but often had clunky execution . This location is AWESOME ! The service was great , our server fantastic , and the food was delicious .
New place . Food was awesome . Service was awesome . Definitely one of the best Thai restaurants in town .
Bartender , Jerry , took great care of me . He recommended the date / jalapeño pizza . Incredible ! Highly recommended ! !
Great format for a sandwich joint . Took a bit of time for my order to come up , but well worth the wait ! Sandwiches to die for !
Awesome food and awesome service ! One of the best restaurants for Italian food I have been to in a very long time . Definitely a place to come back to .
Great neighborhood place . Service is excellent . The menu ranges from fresh fish to burgers , salads , steak , and chicken .
Cead Mille Failte ! One thousand and one welcomes meet you here along with everything Irish . Cozy warm place with good food and pints . You will leave with an Irish brogue .
Best Korean supermarket that ' s open all the time ! Great pre marinated bulgolgi and other prepared foods . It ' s where I get my staples for Korean food for sure !
One word , AWESOME ! The staff was friendly & processional , the rooms & boutique were spotless and extremely relaxing . I have finally found a replacement to Dolce Spa ! Great job Essentials Day Spa ! !
Phenomenal experience ! From the food , to the service ! So welcoming and engaging ! What a lovely experience !
Super awesome crab chili with $ 2 beers . Nice atmosphere with a friendly touch . Nice wine selection too !
An incredible beer selection and great pub food . The Friday fish is very good . Also a good atmosphere to enjoy some time with friends .
I absolutely love their pizza and drive out of my way to get it , closest thing I have found to real New York style pizza . I would highly recommend the sausage .
Ask for Alexis ! ! Even after mixing up orders , She did all in her power to make things right , and the manager Jason was extremely kind and even offered us free drinks .
This is such a great place ! The service was amazing Allie our server was great at recommending . She was awesome thanks for the fantastic service !
Really nice merchandise , but kind of pricey . If you ' re going to Hawaii this is a great place to shop first !
I came there right before the store close , and still had a great experience . Zach and Sloan were very friendly , and made sure to get my drink out right on time .
The entire staff are nice and professional , the price is half or less than dealership or other mechanics , I have been taking all my cars , trucks to Arco . Thank you
Great menu and environment . I love their black bean burgers since I don ' t eat much meat these days . Always good to have tasty vegan options on a menu .
Great cheese Burger ' s ! It ' s a little funky on the inside . Honestly it ' s one of the best burgers I ' ve had and it ' s at a great price : )
One of the best off - road dealerships . Have had many business encounters with Weatern Honda . Wonderful customer care . Competitive prices . Highly recommend . Thanks . NC
Responsive . Detailed . Meticulous . Informative . Prompt . Friendly . Good Value . Will use them again if I ever need another home inspection .
I am very pleased with the cleanliness and professionalism with this facility . The were accommodating and recommended me to some very reputable help for my labor needs .
I came here because they had some of the best reviews , they are really cheap and so nice and sweet . Maily did my nails and they came out so good !
This probably the best sushi place in Vegas ! Excellent customer service , foods are super deliiiicious ! ! ! The white tuna is a must !
This place is amazing ! Best Vegan spot in Phoenix . My wife and I have drive from north Phoenix every weekend , totally worth the drive . Friendly employee , great atmosphere and awesome food !
fire emoji . fire emoji . fire emoji . hands down the best korean bbq . denise was a great server .
Can ' t get enough of this stuff very good food laid back atmosphere and super healthy
Delicious vegan falafel wraps . There ' s a lot of vegan options and the owner was really nice . Definitely coming back . Recommend to all vegans . They also have GF options .
Great food and great atmosphere . There is a dj booth with great music , this is not your typical sushi place !
This Salon is beautiful . . Very clean . . people are friendly . . . Diana Hackett is amazing . . . . great nails . . great Pedis '
First time I ' ve had really authentic tasting Pizza Marguerite since I was actually in Naples , Italy . Delicious .
Such a cozy place Not crowded at all Good for studying The environment is also amazing
Yum , had the Chai Tea with coconut milk and Boba and it was delicious . Would definitely come back again to try something else .
I enjoyed my skillet immensely . As I was a new customer they threw in a free muffin . The food was as good as the service . I ' ve never gone out for a better breakfast .
Everything is delicious here from veggie wraps to crepes , cheesecake , lemon tarts etc . You have to try the Nutella latte !
Excellent food and service . Shantel was a sweetheart . The music is was awesome ! Food portion are large with a nice presentation . Prices are very fair . We will return !
Awesome place , great food and atmosphere . Our waiter was friendly and prompt . Chef Shawn is a great guy and I highly recommend this restaurant .
Great place to unwind and watch the game . Love the specials and the service ! Super convenient location and always love coming back !
Very delicious and great atmosphere ! ! Najeeb and his staff are very friendly and oriented about the food and the flavor . We loved it
The Beetle Juice is well balanced and easy to sip . I ' m in town for a week and looking forward to having a package delivered to my AirBnb !
Exceptional South Indian food . We have been here twice and have tried a variety of dishes . Egg Kothu Paratha was heavenly . The ghee roast dosa was a delight too . 5 stars .
Great coffee ( from a coffee snob ) , cool environment . Music at a nice volume , enough to add to environment while still allowing conversations . Steps away from the hospitals .
The best carne asada burrito ever ! The tamales " enchilada style " melt in your mouth . So good and such quality !
. 99 cent chicken tacos on Wednesdays . You cannot go wrong . Condiment bar is fresh and full . I would visit again
Such a wonderful place . Used to go to the one in Dallas and missed it so much . Go during the holidays , magical ! Prime rib here is done right ! !
My favorite place to get a wash - - quick , convenient & cheap ! ! ! What ' s better than that ? !
Great coffee in a lovely environment . They play classical music quietly so you can actually talk , and the couches at the back are awesome . Run by nice folks too .
The sushi here was really fresh . Larger selection of nigiri and hot dishes than a lot of other places . Definitely going to be my new spot !
Amazing and just what I was looking for ! Great prices , fast service , and friendly people who work there .
special shoutout to Jaylen . He is the sweetest and was so helpful when I lost my wallet ! ! much love
Fantastic cafe ! The baristas are very friendly and accommodating and the coffee is of excellent quality . Perfect spot for a quiet Sunday morning coffee or grabbing a beer after work .
The quality is always excellent . The staff is friendly and accommodating . This has been my go - to for sushi for years ! ! !
Loved it here . Great selection and great taste . It ' s like being back in Playa del Carmen again .
My favorite place to eat in Las Vegas ! FRESH seafood and it is fantastic
Delicious French onion soup and fish and chips . The wait staff was very nice and love the atmosphere here . Definitely a must see and experience .
Awesome place ! Very authentic ! If you like it spicy , ask for Fire # 10 . Family owned , service is outstanding
Love my nails ! Exceeded my expectations ! 21 / 2 weeks later gels are still pristine ! Found my new nail place - will never go anywhere else ! '
Great atmosphere , modern , clean . Food was really good . Taste fresh . Friendly staff . Greeted with smiles .
I have used steamway since 2008 and 3 different homes . Always consistently great ! Fast service and an excellent job every time !
Wonderful freshly made soups . All the dishes are made to order . Very helpful friendly service too ! Casual atmosphere and an ecellent value !
Fabulous food and very reasonable , super quiet on a Friday evening - very surprising . Short walk from Woodbine subway . Highly recommended BYOW 6 days a week and free corkage Wednesday - fantastic !
- good location - good prices - clean rooms - affordable food - friendly and helpful staff - NO BEDBUGS ! ! !
Very friendly staff ! First time visitors and they recommended and helped us get a great cup of coffee ! I love them wayyyyy more than Starbucks ! !
Mmmmm The place is clean , food are decent for a buffet . Coffee Jelly Dessert to die for . . . lol Just kidding , but they are good : ) Keep up the good work : D
